"x"
"1" "Got to the All Star Music Resort around 845 AM to park and ride bus to the Magic Kingdom on 6/17/17. I was with my girlfriend and planned to get engaged at the castle. I checked in and let them know of the pending engagement..."
"2" "The first time i went to disney was 2 years ago with my husband. It was such an amazing experience that i couldn't wait to go back. What a mistake. It was not a magical experience. My niece and i were attacked by bed bugs!..."
"3" "This resort was not what we were expecting when we arrived a week ago today. We were not greeted when we entered the resort, it took 20 minutes to get our room assignment when there were managers just standing around. Once we got our room..."
"4" "We can to celebrate my birthday son
And I feel to disappoint our room was filthy, smelly carpet was without vacuum
No towel,bed was very I'm comfortable nothing was I sow on their picture.
Well suppose you get what you paid
Only paid $119 the..."
"5" "Let me start of by saying that I (and my family) am a HUGE Disney Fan and that just about every year I stay at a Disney Resort, because we love them. But I will never return to this trap!
The rooms are cleaned with..."
"6" "We booked a month in advance first time staying on a Disney property and using their app. Four of us meeting there two rooms and arriving at different times and one person a day early. Didn't think it would be that hard. Can't use app..."
"7" "I decided to use the online check-in option for our three night visit. As soon as the Magical Express dropped us off, we were off to park, expecting a text when our room was ready. While having dinner at HS, I realized I hadn't received..."
"8" "Our family have been at all star movies from 10/12 to 10/23/16.
It was our fourth time with you.
Halloween season! My kids first one! They are used to be there so they asked front desk for a balloom! Answer: sorry this is only for..."
"9" "Our family stayed in the Mighty Ducks building. Cleanliness and upkeep of the rooms is an issue. I had to call to request that both the tub/shower and sink drains be unclogged at the beginning of our stay. The general cleaning that you would expect..."
"10" "It took us nearly an hour to check in to the hotel because there were several people/families checking in and only 1 person working. I spoke with someone who worked there and she went to find out why nobody seemed to care how long it..."
"11" "Room was terrible , shower was falling off and had to use cold water because there was no control of the temp. toilet did not flush ,room smelled weird.. never again will I stay in this hotel . Universal properties are far better in every..."
"12" "We knew this was classed as a budget hotel, however it was booked as part of an expensive package and we were expecting something a little better. We were in a Mighty Ducks block and the room was very tired. Faded carpets that once had..."
"13" "I had booked a stay at All Star Movies for a quick weekend before a conference in Orlando. I hopped on Magical Express and after dropping off at All Star Sports and Music, we arrived at the Movies. It was early (10AM), and I thought..."
"14" "We stayed five nights at Port Orleans French Quarter..then spent a few days on the beach..then came back to Disney for just one night and stayed here. AWFUL. First...we were supposed to get our room number texted to us or on our APP....and by three...nothing...."
"15" "I've stayed at Movies, Art of Animation, Fort Wilderness, the Contemporary, Caribbean Beach, and Pop Century. Sports is by far the worst of the resorts. Staff were rude and messed up our plans and reservations several times. Waiting for busing hear is a nightmare. Spend..."
"16" "We arrived at this hotel knowing that it was one of Disney's value hotels, so we expected the quality to be similar to other national three-star hotels such as Courtyard Marriott, Wingate by Wyndham, etc. We checked in on 12/31 and literally dropped our bags..."
"17" "I love the people who work at Disney but the corporation has really failed its staff and its guest. I expect so much more from the \"magical\" experience brand of Disney. A picture is worth a thousand words....we booked months ago yet without asking us,..."
"18" "Simply not worth it to stay here. Rooms are tiny and look like they are from the 80's at best. We got to the hotel at 1am just to see a lineup of 15 families and only 3 staff checking people in. Another 2-3 were..."
"19" "The rooms were stuffy and old. The a/c didn't work and neither did the refrigerator. Tried to call the front desk several times but there was no answer. There were electrical outlets that were overloaded with power strips. We will definitely not return to this..."
"20" "We trusted Disney and we thought they will do good job. It was a major mistake.
Toilet seat rocks with noise each time you sit on it.
Carpet is dirty. Stinky room.
We were surprised to find out there was no room service when we..."
"21" "I know this was one of the cheaper places to say, but it still came up way short. The walls were paper thin. There was no microwave. The thermostat would only go so low so it stayed too hot. The pool had the smell of..."
"22" "This is the worst on property hotel you could ever stay at. The rooms only fit four people if you put two people in each bed which is a problem for my family because we move around a lot. The food here is not terrible..."
"23" "After returning from our first day at the park, we discovered our room unlocked. At midnight the front desk asked us to wait for maintenance to come and fix our lock, which took 20 min. Maintenance changed the battery and said if it was still..."
"24" "Our experience was ok, but not great. Our room was smaller than expected especially for the price. Once we would leave our room, you expect fresh towels and better cleaning. It was honestly a 3 out of a 10. the restaurant downstairs was good, but..."
"25" "Well I wish I could write a good review about our experience at Animal Kingdom Lodge but we were treated about as poorly as we have ever been treated in any hotel. If you're adults with no children you're basically second class citizens. We had..."
"26" "I have been a Disney Vacation Member since 1997 and have stayed at may properties. This is the most disappointing experience I have ever had. From the time we checked in until now disappointment after disappointment, People were miserable. No one welcomed us. I told..."
"27" "We stayed here in Jan 2017.
On the night we arrived we requested that someone from housekeeping check the room for bedbugs as we know there is a problem with them in the US. The housekeeping manager came with a pest controller and turned the..."
"28" "Loved the Resort. Hated the room location. Zero privacy as there's a public Savanna viewing location 12 feet from the balcony and exhaust fan from kitchens 15 feet from the balcony. So forget about sitting on the balcony. Stay away from room 2210. 3210 would..."
"29" "And it is just starting
Impossible to get a breakfast easily nothing in the minibar and nobody coming room service says 1h15 for delivering food and we were supposed to have booked our diner and bread east at least 20 days ago
Poor service
2..."
"30" "Took my granddaughter age 5 to Disney to see the princesses. Her favorite was Ariel so choose the little mermaid room. We were even offered a free upgrade at check in but she refused as she wanted Ariels room. After walking all over The Magic..."
"31" "Let me start by saying we love Disney! Usually we are impressed by the cleanliness and attention to details they display. That was not the case at Disney's Art of Animation. We arrived to a dirty room. Trash from the previous guest was scattered around..."
"32" "As a Disney Vacation Club member I always stay at the top Disney resorts but couldn't get 2 nights during our stay at any vacation club resort to fit 7 people so went to a suite at art of animation. It was like idea threw..."
"33" "We checked in late on a Saturday night and they never offered us pins for our first trip to Disney. After we went to our room we realized the pack and play we requested we missing. We decided to go to get something to eat..."
"34" "Just got back from our family trip to disney and we stayed 3 days at Disney's Art of Animation and 3 days at another hotel (that was much cheaper and nicer). I was extremely excited to stay on disney property for the first time and..."
"35" "I wish I could say that our stay here was all we expected but sadly it was not. Our family of 13 witnessed more than we cared too. One part of our family with 2 children witnessed a horrific fight between a guest and a..."
"36" "What a terrible experience I was traveling with 10 people we got one suite one regular room, put us in separate buildings not what we were expecting at all... My building was number 7 in mermaid room most uncomfortable beds and cheap pillows, no coffee..."
"37" "I was very disappointed!!! The service is horrible. My family came here to stay and relax and not worry but things were very messy and when you go ask to fix it they refuse. My sheets got dirty because of pizza, I waited 4 days..."
"38" "I just took my 6 year old grandson for the week of May 27th to June 3rd. In that entire week our room was never vacuumed. The day we arrived there were peanuts on the floor after day 3 I picked them up myself. I..."
"39" "As FL residents, we've been visiting Disney for years, since they first opened to the public. We've stayed in most of the moderate and deluxe resorts, and some of the budget resorts. We've camped at Fort Wilderness and stayed in Club Level. The whole gamut...."
"40" "I used to love this resort but was so disappointed with Disney. We went for a long weekend in May 2017. As DVC members we used our points for a Deluxe DVC Studio. It was for myself and my husband, in our early 50's. We..."
"41" "On Thursday, May 11, 2017, my daughter and two high school classmates were staying in room 4551 for a school leadership conference. The toilet in the room backed up, flooding both the bathroom and bedroom area with unsanitary standing water around 7 pm. My daughter..."
"42" "Let me start by saying we went to this hotel numerous times as we are and have been for years annual passholders. In December 2014 are stay was amazing as always. As soon as we got out of the car thy knew are name and..."
"43" "Noisy all day and night. Hotel maintenance workers banging on windows and doors at midnight outside our room.
Not impressed with any aspect of this hotel. Would not choose to be here. Conference organizers made the choice to be here.
Unfortunately thousands of people come..."
"44" "Love disney
Hate this place
Terrible expensive food and limited in resort services
Never saw disney character
Only saving grace was it was close to epic
Hotel room And pool was ok
Nothing special
Made me miss the food and cocktail at Hyatt regency cypress..."
"45" "For a company that prides itself on its systems, and communication with guests, a fire alarm at 3:40 am showed it is all sham. No \"cast members\" appeared, no one told guests what to do or where to go. The fire brigade took 45 minutes..."
"46" "Our family was so excited for our first trip to Disney and we chose the Boardwalk Hotel for its location. Like many other reviews have said, we wanted to love this hotel for many reasons. Through out the stay we had many simple hiccups like..."
"47" "We are Disney vacation club members. And this was our first visit here. Will never stay again. The cast members at the check in desk were rude and in helpful the bell service cast members were also very rude. Like it was a chore to..."
"48" "To start our room was not ready until 4pm and when we got in it was dirty! There were not enough buses to accommodate all the parents heading to Magic Kingdom to watch their children in the parade which is why we were there. There..."
"49" "So this was my honeymoon and if it wasn't the unsupervised kids next door constantly slamming doors (I had to go tell them to be quiet twice when it became unbearable) or the lack of food options (we weren't aware of the extensive refurbishment and..."
"50" "I cannot in all honesty even give this hotel one star. Thank goodness we were there only a couple of nights. To start with, once you check in and get your room key, you must drive several miles to your hotel. The rooms are situated..."
"51" "Avoid this place at all cost. The staff is extremely incompetent. We were told incorrect information multiple times. Be prepared to wait on a bus wherever you want to go. Hair from a previous guest found all over shower. The beds are terrible. Someone urinated..."
"52" "Having previously stayed in a Disney resort hotel we were excited to be staying at Caribbean Beach - Prior to our departure we were told that there was some 'refurbishment' taking place to food courts and were given $75 Disney dollars to spend to compensate..."
"53" "The hotel is very large. Not for families with small children and strollers. We knew there were renovations but we did not imagine the magnitude. Our building with superior rooms did not have its pool running. The hotel does not have the Disney spirit. Comfortable..."
"54" "1. Did not get the rooms we wanted after careful research and booking in advance.
2. 12:30 AM arrival to dirty rooms: food on floor, hair in sinks and tub, toothpaste on sink, damp towels (obviously used), so dusty we could write the date on..."
"55" "This is the email sent customer service:
I have been to Disney World and stay in your Resorts regularly for the past 30 years. I've stayed many times at your Resort Hotels and this was by far the absolute worst experience I ever had. Here..."
"56" "I love Disney philosophy and value that relies on the quality of service given to their guest. This has been the hotel were we have been treated the worst. Non of the staff was helpful and they were all rude. They promise something and always..."
"57" "Travelled for 14 hours to stay at what can only be described as a low quality motel style room. It was old, dingy, musty and priced at what can only be described as extortionist pricing. In all years of travel this is one of the..."
"58" "Not so impressed. We stayed at All Star Movies last year and wanted to step it up a bit. Not happy. We had some problems with our room last year and they didn't care didnt do anything so we mentioned it when making reservation this..."
"59" "Rooms are dated, even my daughter was like wow this is pretty awful. Walks are far. Signage on property useless. AC was loud and didn't cool room. They did fix it (hopefully) but first night was sleepless. Bell Services had ten min hold times. Then..."
"60" "We arrived on Tuesday 21st Jan for an 8 day stay for the Disney Princess Glass Slipper Challenge.
The room we were shown to was in the Bahamas, the whole area looked very tired and shabby and the room was dismal.
There was no way..."
"61" "We stayed here 5 nights and did not have anything close to a Disney experience. We were in the farthest building, near the maintenance equipment and felt isolated from everything. It was literally a place to sleep, shower and change. At these prices that should..."
"62" "We spent thousands to take our family to Disney for the week of Thanksgiving only to be disappointed time and time again. Everything was inconvenient.
When we found out that it was a hike to get from the parking lot to the 2 suites ,my..."
"63" "We've stayed at multiple Disney Resorts in the past. This was our first time at Caribbean Beach Resort. Overall, we weren't too impressed for a moderate resort. We expected our experience here to be similar to other moderate resorts, like Port Orleans. However, value resort..."
"64" "Disney is not what it used to be and neither are the resorts. Staff is unfriendly and rude. For 2 years in a row out rooms were messed up even with us calling ahead on multiple occasions to make sure everything is correct. We were..."
"65" "Stayed here October - November for 2 weeks with high expectations, being my first trip to Florida and on Disney property.
Had a huge problem with housekeeping and, shall we say, some of our valuable possessions. I won't go into too much detail but I'm..."
"66" "My experience began right at check in as this resort is a very large property and they had only three windows to check people in at three in the afternoon. We came in from the airport on the Magical Express and that's where the magic..."
"67" "I spent 10 very unhappy days at Disney’s Caribbean Beach Resort. Every time I brought forward a complaint I got the same answer. Sorry, I can't help you. I had just spent 4 very happy days at Universal’s Cabana Bay where the staff was so..."
"68" "We were highly disappointed in this Disney Resort....our family booked three rooms that were to be beside each other and near the pool and restaurant a D.C. when we got there, we weren't even in the same buildings and we were traveling with a one..."
"69" "We were assigned a room in the Martinique area. Upon entering, it stunk. I am assuming mildew or mold though nothing was visibly moldy. We immediately requested a different room but were told nothing was available. We were told to call a number in the..."
"70" "I've stayed at 2 other hotels at Disney this hotel was the worst. They would claim it's under renovations. Which is true but not the main reason it's not good. First off I get the renovations but that's one location and that was the Barbados..."
"71" "We are currently staying at CBR and would never stay here again. We were aware of the renovations at the resort when we booked our trip; however, we did not realize the extent of the renovations. I will say the construction has not been our..."
"72" "We stayed at the Caribbean Beach Resort in May of 2016 for 5 nights. This was my worst hotel/resort experience I've ever had. The rooms were ok, although there was no bedside alarm clock. It's not Disney's fault the family in the room next door..."
"73" "This was suoposed to be a special holiday for our family celebrating birthdays anniversarys etc......
We were aware that renovations were going on and still decided to stay there as we had stayed there a good few years before and knew we were only using..."
"74" "Booked a room over 3 months in advance. When we showed up we were told they overbooked and could not honor reservation. If you want to be stuck in florida without a place to stay book here! The worst part is the manager seemed like..."
"75" "We booked a wishes fireworks private cruise for our recent holiday in Orlando, with the cruise going from the Contemporary Resort.
Whilst the firework cruise was first class the same can't be said about our pre drinks and food at the Sand Bar.
The guy..."
"76" "I've been to this hotel many times over the years. Recently I stopped in with my friends from out of town to have lunch at one of the restaurants inside and was forbidden by security to enter. Horrible."
"77" "For all the money you pay for a Disney vacation, you would think that Disney would put some money back into some of their resorts. The rooms have be redone, but common areas are horribly in need of an upgrade. The pool area is terrible...."
"78" "Returned in April 2017 after my last visit 20 years ago , what a difference!!
The building itself is still as impressive and externally looks as good a it did on my first visit . The gardens and lawns are immaculate and extremely well maintained..."
"79" "It's not often that I give such a low review but this place isn't worth your time or money. I'm a huge Disney fan. Since moving south 3 years ago, we have become annual pass holders and visited DW every few months. I vacationed here..."
"80" "First things first: definitely not worth the price. I have stayed in better hotels (not luxury) for less than half the price. (I have also stayed in Disney's Yacht Club and that was better). There is, no doubt, an advantage in being so close to..."
"81" "Currently at the grand Floridian. Week has been nothing but monorail breakages and monorail deliberately taken out of service for presumably maintenance. The coup de gras occurred Wednesday when after staying at the park for evening magic hours we left at 11 pm and didn't..."
"82" "We have been coming to Disney for 10+ years, and the only time I write a bad review is if there is no other alternative.
We have seen a decline in customer service over the years- but this visit was my LAST visit here. There..."
"83" "We only had a princess meal here.
The first thing is - if I am paying $200 for a meal, I do not expect to wait for a table when I am on time for my reservation.
I expect the food to be better than..."
"84" "We are DVC members and for the last few years that we have stayed we have noticed the rooms are increasingly dirty (dust, nail clippings, mold). Currently we are at Old key West and are disgusted by the bathroom."
"85" "We are currently staying at OKW for 5 nights. It wasn't my first pick but it was all that was available on short notice. We were able to get a nice two bedroom on the ground floor. We have been here for three nights. Unfortunately..."
"86" "We recently returned from a 13 night stay at Disney's Old Key West Resort. The place was filthy. Mold, dirt on the bathroom floor (saw the housekeeper take a hand towel and wet it in the bathroom sink then swished it around on the floor..."
"87" "This hotel has very limited food options. If you want a quick serve meal and it is raining, plan on getting wet. The busses were very slow and the resort is too large to walk back to your room. Bugs in room and broken toilet...."
"88" "This was going to be our dream holiday. My daughter recently married with her husband and my grandchildren. Let's really splash out and stay in a Disney resort. Well what a huge mistake and a complete waste of thousand of pounds. The furniture was awful..."
"89" "Called months in advance to request special accommodations for a disability told to call back 2 weeks prior which I did and pretty much they didn't care or go out of the way. No txt with room number unlike other visit. When I talked to..."
"90" "We just left the Polynesian and I must say that it was one of the dumpiest places I've ever seen, which is surprising since this is one of the priciest hotels on the property. Before I get into the bad parts, I would like to..."
"91" "We are leaving today after a week stay here at the Polynesian and can't wait to get out of this room! This is my family's first time at Disney world and wanted a resort on the monorail-but that is literally all you are paying for...."
"92" "This hotel needs a serious review of its housekeeping policy. As a family of 9 we had 3 rooms in total. Two rooms As a Disney vacation owner. And 1 room we paid for. The DVC rooms wete only cleaned properly once during our 14..."
"93" "We were so excited to stay here, but for a Deluxe resort and \"club\" level, the customer service is pretty appalling. We visited in mid-November, and stayed in a garden-view club level room
I will say that on the plus side, the grounds and pools..."
"94" "if i could leave a ZERO as a rating i would. When summoned to hospital to attend to my dad, who had just been declared terminal with 48-72 hours, i attempted to cancel reservation fully 48 hours in advance of when i was due to..."
"95" "We just got back from a week long stay at the Polynesian.
We really liked the proximity to Magic Kingdom via the monorail. Disney also honored our request to have two connecting rooms which was huge for our large family. It was great to go..."
"96" "Our child left behind a stuffed animal in our room which I am sure is not the first time this has happened. When we called back to the hotel after our child was aware of their missing stuffed animal we were transferred several times and..."
"97" "Just checked into the Polynesian Village for our much anticipated first trip to Disney World. We came to Florida on Thursday night and have first visited Sea World and Discovery Cove because we wanted to be settled in Florida so we could be well-rested for..."
"98" "We booked a room at Pop Century Resort hoping for the family \"Disney Experience\". Even though we knew that this hotel was not high end, we expected, at the very least, a better than average experience. Unfortunately, everything that could go wrong did. We stayed..."
"99" "We went to Disney World for a sporting event. It was a package deal that included HP Field House, Pop Century, and three day passes to parks. The sporting event was for over 600 athletes. Our team attended this event and booked 20+ rooms. We..."
"100" "I am stitched all over my legs with bed bugs and flea bites at Pop Century. It is itching like hell and looks awful. Next time I won't stay there again. Even for a value hotel it is pricey and it destroyed my stay. I..."
"101" "So disappointed in the Pop Century. We decided to do a last minute trip to Disney on our way to Tampa. The options for hotels were limited as it was a race weekend, either the Pop Century at @150 per night or 500-600 per night..."
"102" "I decided to piggy back on my wife's business trip to Disney and make a family vacation out of it with our down time. My wife was at a different resort booked through work and was sharing a room, so I opted for the lower..."
"103" "I have been going to Disney for about 25 years. We have stayed at many Disney resorts and many other nearby properties. This experience was different.
We were only there two nights, I would say you would have to be desperate to stay at this..."
"104" "With Disney's reputation, we were super excited to finally stay onsite at one of their properties. Online reviews for Pop Century were all positive, so even though we had the Florida Resident discount, and knowing we were staying at a Disney budget hotel, we still..."
"105" "We stayed in the '80s section, the theming was good. That was the best feature, the rest of the stay was sub par from the cleanliness of the room to how the hotel staff ignored issues.
The room looks like it is straight out of..."
"106" "I have stayed here before. Knew what to expect. It's a budget hotel. Mostly just a place to sleep while at Disney. But...there are a million enormous groups of South American (I think) teenagers and they are LOUD. They yell out chants/songs constantly...which would be..."
"107" "My family and I have been to many Disney parks and properties. This is the first time that I have ever been amazingly disappointed with a Disney experience.
We checked into the pop century using the online options, only to find out that they didn't..."
"108" "I understand that these are Moderate budget friendly hotels for Disney, but being outdated, uncomfortable and very low lighting is unacceptable. The bed had a huge dent and felt like it was very used and outdated, the bathroom had such poor lighting felt like we..."
"109" "Just Don't Do It! Save your money and upgrade, to the next level hotel. We stayed during spring break. Had 6 rooms. Multiple problems. Had to change rooms, then resorts. Customer service was of course very helpful, but when you only have a small amount..."
"110" "There is really nothing good to say about Pop Century. Disney calls it a resort, but it's nowhere close to being a resort. The check-in process was very slow, much like everything else at Disney, there was a line. The rooms are very small. The..."
"111" "I did not enjoy staying here. I should have known from the beginning that it would be a poor experience because I was never notified of my room number. (they email you the room number when you check in online) I either had to wait..."
"112" "Didn't sleep for 2 nights because we could hear the people above us peeing and flushing the toilet. Our next door neighbors got home at 2 in the morning and we could hear them talking. They knocked on the door that separated our room from..."
"113" "First trip to Disney and my experience was not so magical. The bus transportation was horrible to and from the parks. Because I had a stroller I would always stand because I wanted to ensure that children and women had a place to sit. most..."
"114" "The \"Royal Guest Rooms\" at this resort are amazing and worth every penny for a special trip with your little princess. Our 4 year old granddaughter thought she was one of the Disney Princesses in this very regal room. Beautifully decorated with headboards that have..."
"115" "I am currently staying at port Orleans riverside. Have to tell you the staff and interactions have been absolutely awful rude is an understatement. From the drop off at the magic express bus ride staff...to boat operator taking us to Disney springs....just rude. I have..."
"116" "This is our third year at Disney and we've been staying at different resorts. We got a text that our room wasn't ready yet so we hung out at the pool. At 3 we inquired about our room but was told it wasn't guaranteed until..."
"117" "We recently visited the Riverside resort in Disney World. Unfortunately we were very disappointed. The room was small for the four members of our family. It was not particularly clean. The building with the food was disappointing. We waited for long periods of time for..."
"118" "We traveled from Dallas for a family vacation. We got there early in the morning, and we were told where we left our luggage, the place would be open for 24 hours. We couldn't find anyone to get our luggage out that night @ 9:00ish..."
"119" "This \"hotel\" is truly a motel. Your room has curtains for the bathroom sinks/not even a door. The closet doesn't have a door. Rough towels. It's too spread out and our requests to have our rooms next to/near to each other were not honored. Spoke..."
"120" "No Magic, Just Misery. We arrived at 11;30pm on a Wednesday night after traveling for 6 hours with 2 exhausted kids only to find a LONG line at check-in - we waited at least 30 minutes, maybe longer. When we finally arrived at the front..."
"121" "Not at all up to Disney standards staff not friendly computer down treated us as cattle. Been at Disney many times will not stay in the dump with the u friendly staff and poor quality control would not help in any way shape or form"
"122" "I love Disney. We have stayed many times. We choose Disney's Port Orleans Riverside because we are a family of 5 and this resort was a better price. We stayed at the Alligator Bayou. The resort was nice, too big and crowded. We enjoyed ourselves..."
"123" "As a frequent Disney World Traveller I was very disappointed with Disneys Port Orleans. Our first room had not been completely cleaned. The tub was dirty. Some of the towels were dirty. One bed was made but the sheets were used and dirty. We were..."
"124" "What a surprise! I didn't realize that for the amount of money it costs to stay at Riverside, they can't even clean the days, weeks, or months worth of dust on the ceiling fan! Very disappointed. Walt is turning in his crypt. Everything is for..."
"125" "Within the span of two days I was moved around to three rooms. Our room was so gross and the bathroom was covered in pubic hair. After calling they said they would send the cleaning manager to fix it while we were at dinner and..."
"126" "4/22/17. Just checked into room 2737. Schlepped from my car to be greeted by a dirty room. The remote appears to have been painted?! Sticky black substance coming off as I attempted to clean it. I have it in a ziploc bag. The table surfaces..."
"127" "We have been to Disney 15 plus times in last two years. Each time we have stayed on property the resorts have been beyond perfect , the service perfect, rooms spotless, and exactly as described. Sadly Port Orleans Riverside did not live up to what..."
"128" "This resort is awful!! White mold on our A/C unit!! I have pictures!! The room is old and smelly! Our friends traveling with us are not even near us!! Should have stayed elsewhere! My Mickey band doesn't even work. If there is a problem the..."
"129" "Where do I begin with what was suppose to be a magical trip and turned out to be nothing close to magical. After a long drive from New York we could not wait to get into our room an relax a little before our dinner..."
"130" "It's a hotel and because it says Disney it's over priced. It dose include bus transportation but depending where you are going it takes a long time to get anyplace. Going to Epcot it took us close to 2 hours between getting? to bus stop,..."
"131" "Our first disappointing experience with a Disney Vacation Club property. The resort is beautiful and has great amenities including an especially nice pool. The room we had, however, was dirty and in very poor condition. The area of the hotel we were in is very..."
"132" "It was ludicrous how much went wrong. Two two bedroom condos. Keys did not coordinate with sleeping arrangements. We left for parks assured they would be fixed. Returned at ten pm tires, wet from rain. No keys worked one condo. Straightening out resulted in cancelling..."
"133" "We booked our reservation for a family of 6 to stay at the Wilderness Lodge back in summer 2016. We had stayed there 4 years earlier and really enjoyed our time there so we choose to stay at wilderness lodge again this year.
When making..."
"134" "The property is currently under a major renovation. It's not the place I would go to spend my hard earned $ to have a full view of a very active construction site which is what we got when we arrived. We were told at check..."
"135" "I've gone to Disney about 10 times. This by far was the worst vacation I have ever had. First, I was told that when I arrived I could go straight to the park. Unfortunately, they didn't link my credit card correctly and I was unable..."
