"x"
"1" "My husband and I stayed one night at this 'motel'. Very outdated, walls were dirty, small table in the room had some type of spilled food that was never cleaned up from the previous guests so we had to call housekeeping to come clean up..."
"2" "We arrived on Disney magical express. We checked in and went to Disney because our room ready. It was obvious that it was the busiest day of the year. We were there for about 12 hours and rode only 4 rides. Disappointed and hungry because..."
"3" "This was an economy hotel. Rooms are small. They actually need updates to the rooms. Outlets do not hold plugs, walls need painting, water in shower does not shut completely off. In the morning a bug was running across the shower. Hotel is located close..."
"4" "First thing you have to realize is that this is a VERY basic hotel. If you are looking for upscale then this is NOT The hotel for you. This is one of the cheapest Disney hotels you can stay at. The good thing about Disney..."
"5" "We have stayed here many years ago when the All Stars were new, so it had been awhile but hubby. We stayed here for a night before moving to the Animal Kingdom Lodge. We checked in at midnight, everyone was very nice, when we got..."
"6" "I am impatiently waiting in line to register for our room with many disgruntled guests! This is my first time in Disney and it's not starting out very well! The lady next to me is crying and the worker is smirking!!!!
I asked if there..."
"7" "I have stayed at many Disney resorts over the last 30 years or so and this was the worst. The room was dirty with black crud in the corners in the bathroom and mold on some of the grout in the shower. Carpet was dirty..."
"8" "I surprised my niece with a Disney vacation. I actually go to Disney often, but usually with just my husband. Over the years I have stayed at almost all of the Disney resorts with the exception of about three. I booked a value resort, because..."
"9" "but it must resemble, in some ways, my family's experience at \"Movies\". My family flew down and took the Magic Express bus to the hotel. We had no car to use so we had to eat on property at the food court. The food was..."
"10" "This was not my first trip to Disney World, it was my second trip staying in the Disney hotel, and it did not win any points.
This hotel was just plain bad. The whole resort looked tired and a little run-down. My room was not..."
"11" "We were just there for a dance competition with the team my daughter coaches. This is the second year that our team was assigned rooms at AS Movies. Prior years, we were in Music and it was so much better. Last year, the room was..."
"12" "We were originally booked for a stay at All-Star Movies but were moved to Port Orleans-Riverside after being checked into 2 different absolutely disgusting rooms at Movies. Dog hair in the tub & beds, squished bug in the bed, food in refrigerator from previous guest,..."
"13" "Terrible customer service. From the time we checked in until we checked out. Keep your receipts! We were over charged by $33.xx in their eatery. They should not help with your luggage. We needed clean sheets at 330am (5yo vomited) was told sorry no one..."
"14" "My family and I took our first trip to Disney. We needed two rooms that we preferred to be adjoining and since we were spending a whole week at Disney we overall decided we would rather go with one of the cheaper hotels to have..."
"15" "Well, $40 a night more, which is substantial, but our room at the Dolphin was worth every bit of those $40. This \"resort\" is really a huge series of three story motels. Dated motels. Kid themed, dated motels. Teenager filled, kid themed, dated motels. I..."
"16" "We were over the moon excited to stay here! Started off getting in our room and finding something brown (hopefully chocolate) all over the bed spread & wall. The floor was not vacuumed very well. There was fuzz & little paper pieces near the walls...."
"17" "I was a little disappointed with this stay. This is the first time I did a Disney value hotel, and unless I am desperate, it will be the last time. This was not the Disney quality I was accustomed to. It really was tough not..."
"18" "I have stayed at All-Star resorts many times in the past, however, never again. I don't think there has been an update since they opened, things were very worn and showed the wear and tear. The tub faucet leaked, the fan in the bathroom worked..."
"19" "We checked in for a two night stay before our Disney cruise. We have stayed at Disney hotels many times before over the last 30 years, mostly at their deluxe hotels. Being a short stay, we thought we would try something different. It immediately became..."
"20" "The value of this hotel is top-notch. I stayed at the hotel in October 2015 for approximately $98/a night. I rented a car so parking was free. I didn't even have to go to the front desk to check in, I just touched my magic..."
"21" "We go to Disney once or twice a month with our annual passes, and usually stay at another hotel that's very close and only $60 a night. They were booked up, so, we called the All Star resort. The room is very similar to a..."
"22" "The only reason this rating is not lower is because of the proximity to the parks and Disney Springs, and because the amenities were convenient in a pinch and enjoyable for my daughter. BUT...
The food court options leave much to be desired. Even the..."
"23" "Hotel was NOT clean. I've stayed at another Disney resort and I must say this one was no were near as clean as the other one. It did NOT have coffee makers or microwave. The pool didn't even have towels or enough lighting . (..."
"24" "All Star Movies - Toy Story Side- I'll start with the Positive- we were able to skip the front desk and check in online. I got a text saying our room was ready. Our Magic bands are our room keys. Check out is remote as..."
"25" "No maid service for 3 days. Terrorized by cheerleaders on a retreat or vacation. I recommend you save yourself headaches spend a little more and stay at a mid price ranged resort. In a time of 4 days I went to front desk to complain..."
"26" "We decided to stay here one night because we came early by a day. Arriving at the resort everything was okay except my magic band was the only one that opened the door. When we got to our room it was pretty small but it..."
"27" "We planned our week trip at this resort. Within being in the room in building 10 corner room bottom level toy story building. We found a single roach called to complain with front desk an they send someone to our room to check. They offered..."
"28" "Our most recent stay at Walt Disney World in Orlando Florida was about our 12th visit (insert crazy Disney people eye roll here). Unfortunately it was also our most disappointing in terms of hotel. We have stayed nearly everywhere on property and many off and..."
"29" "Family vacation for 1st visit and birthday gift for both my husband and 2 yr old son. Planned all went well at check in etc. Leaving checkin, my baby fell on uneven sidewalk outside and busted his lip. I fixed him up. We didn't complain..."
"30" "Stayed at All Star Movies for the Princess Half Marathon, staying six nights. As the family had just been in October 2015 and stayed at Wilderness Lodge, I thought we would save some money on this trip and stay at a value resort for the..."
"31" "Very clean Disney does this well. To start I did online check in it asks for your preferences such as location and floor number I chose calypso and high floor. We did not get this when we checked in I had to repeat all of..."
"32" "I had read really good and also really negative reviews but I took the chance cause I thought \"Well, it's a Disney hotel, it should be just fine. Well, we stayed in a \"PREFERRED ROOM\". There wasn't much of a preference there. It was 2..."
"33" "I don't know why this place doesn't have zero stars...
After arriving, one of my roommates showered, then realized there was human feces on the door handle. She unknowingly touched it, and we were beyond disgusted. The extreme bacterial health risks from human excrement were..."
"34" "My family and I stayed here for our Disney vacation and it was a big disappointment. There was mildew on the shower curtain and the bathroom ceiling. The sprinkler was rusted and some of the furniture was banged up. The sink didn't drain properly. I..."
"35" "For the price and what you get, there is a serious imbalance. I think people choose to stay on the resort because they want to have the full \"Disney\" experience, free parking and convenience to the theme parks. However, for the quality, you are getting..."
"36" "Room needs refurbishing. Bathroom door broke off the frame when we closed it 5 minutes after arriving. Needed to wait until the next day to have a carpenter repair the frame. Lower lobby to the elevators was cluttered with leaves and debris."
"37" "We had stayed at Disneys All Star Music Resort 5 years ago and it was great. So we decided to meet family at All Star Movies Resort for a reunion with the grandkids. We paid extra for a preferred room. Disney for the first time..."
"38" "If I could have given less than 1 for a rating, I would.
Stayed here in 2004 and thought it was great so we decided to stay again. Stayed for 7 nights, worst decision I have made. Room smelt of bleach as soon as we..."
"39" "Value Resort = Nasty Motel with Disney Name attached. Our king bedroom was outdated and smelled like mold. The bathroom fan wouldn't shut off at all. We had to have a room change after the 1st night. But they didn't fight me about crediting a..."
"40" "I stayed here 3 times do to tight budget. Its a cute kid friendly clean Resort its a little dated decor and starting to showing its age and its a simple buget resort not my favorite Disney property but your really never in the room..."
"41" "We stayed here (2 adjoining rooms) for 3 nights prior to our Disney Cruise to enjoy the parks. The rooms were close to a a Best Western maybe. Many of the outlets didn't work. The room was small cramped and very low budget. One of..."
"42" "All-Star Movies is a value resort, so one must go into the room expecting it not to be a 5-star resort. However, Disney is known for providing quality experiences and service. That being said, my most recent experience staying at this hotel presented a less..."
"43" "Nothing I hate more than giving a bad review, but this hotel needs help. I have found hotels off interstates in better shape than this one. There are multiple spots on the exterior that need a good cleaning, and paint before even getting to a..."
"44" "The only thing that is good on this resort is the theaming, the room that I have stayed with my family did not smell good and the bathroom was really dirty.
The pool is average.
I recomend only if you need it for one night...."
"45" "Where to begin Disney lost our tickets and refused to replace. Refrigerator hardly worked. Internet wifi sporadically worked. Water smells like sewage. It's a value resort all right they don't do nothing to fix anything unsure wronged in we would call front desk and get..."
"46" "If you can possibly afford it, pick another hotel. In a \"preferred\" room, the outlets did not hold a plug, housekeeping skipped the room. Twice. The toilet upstairs flushing every three minutes from 4:30 am on was awful, pool was cloudy, food was good but..."
"47" "while staying at the resort, we had a wallet and ipad stolen out of our room, called security and they came and took a report, told me that someone would be calling in the morning, and that I did not need to call the local..."
"48" "I stayed at the Disney All Star Movies Resort recently & was very disappointed!! Upon our arrival the room had a distinct smell of cat urine. I figured we wouldn't be there much so, I didn't complain. But, on our departure I discovered that housekeeping..."
"49" "This place is where the angry Disney cast members work. No eye contact. They won't acknowledge that you are in front of them. Had a maid tell me I had to get out our room and go to the lobby while she cleaned it, then..."
"50" "My son took his sister to Disney for a college graduation gift. First night found a cock roach in their room. Second night accused of exposing themselves to people. I will never go back their again. THe room is dirty, air will not go below..."
"51" "I understand that this hotel is not meant to be fancy but wow. The room was tiny, the beds uncomfortable we had to walk a very long way to get to the nearest parking lot with all our luggage, the bathroom was very small it..."
"52" "I booked a value Disney “resort” for a short 4-night getaway, knowing I would not be getting luxury accommodations. I have only ever stayed at one other Disney resort, the Caribbean Beach resort, and it was aging but fine. I read a ton of reviews..."
"53" "My husband and I stayed at this resort when we were dating over 12 years ago. Remembering the larger than life statues and surroundings, we thoughts our kids would enjoy it. We hadn't been back to WDW since our honeymoon 9 years prior (stayed at..."
"54" "This is a cheap hotel so do not expect fancy. I guess I figured since it was Disney owned that it would still be impressive. (It was not) It was very clean, but very dated and small. The beds are tiny!! Sufficient for sleeping and..."
"55" "I have always set a very high bar for any of Disney's features and products. I did not expect this Disney resort stay to be so disappointing. The Disney parks were great and they did a fantastic job at the parks. The room at the..."
"56" "The air was NOT working and the resort was aware. Moisture on the hotel room walls and just heat and misery...Called and was told that the air man would be up...2 days and no show..complained with no resolve until Saturday night they were going to..."
"57" "I feel like these are old motels in disguise. The ac didn't go below 68, small rooms and felt like it missed some of the \"Disney\" magic. Hard beds, plastic feeling pillows and sardine transportation. Don't get me wrong it was nice to be onsite..."
"58" "It's a good hotel, I just wish the attendance was better. I tried calling many times to the front desk and no one answered.The day we arrived to the hotel we went to typhoon lagoon and accidentally we brought sand to the bathroom today is..."
"59" "Staying at this resort was my first Disney experience in over 4 years and it was extremely underwhelming. We chose to stay at this resort because of the price and the fact that it made commuting to the parks each day convenient with their bussing..."
"60" "I was here years ago and the hotel had minimal comforts but was clean. I should have known better. The room is old and dirty. It is affordable but not worth it to me. Does have a small refrigerator but no coffee maker. Check in..."
"61" "We stayed here for 11 nights. From July 22nd - August 2nd. When we arrived we were checked into a room that smelled really bad. The wall sockets were broken and the sink did not even work. So the front desk moved us to another..."
"62" "Upon arriving to Disney World, we went straight to Epcot and then arrived at All-Star Movies Resort to check in and take a nap before returning to the park. As soon as our party stepped into the room we were able to smell a very..."
"63" "If I could give this a negative rating I would! We stayed in a toy story room, the room looked like a $10 motel, the decor is extremely outdated the room was disgusting there was graffiti on the wall in the bathroom, stains on the..."
"64" "As a budget resort is ok if you will use it just to sleep however we had a preferred room which stinks of cigarettes (being a Disney resort I would have cleaned this room throughly before giving it to guests), my seven year old could..."
"65" "I will not be staying at this hotel again. I thought the sports, the music and the movies hotel were pretty much the same... they're not. The staff at the music hotel is so much nicer. Ramon at the movies hotel was the only nice..."
"66" "After a long day at Disney my family and I were hoping to rest before heading back excited to stay at a Disney resort! Turned to be more of a nightmare .... we opened the door it was hot ... and there was one roach..."
"67" "Unless you have $600/night to drop on a premium resort, and if you wanna stay on Disney property, you stay at one of the All Star Resorts.
I was treated like a number, like the staff there was doing me a favor by answering my..."
"68" "My husband 3 year old daughter and myself stayed here for 1 night just over a week ago as a fun family trip to Disney. We went to the hotel about noon and stayed in our room for about an hour or so while our..."
"69" "The hotel claims \"budget\" prices which is far from the truth! For the same price we stayed in a Wyndham hotel on Lake Buena Vista drive and there were noticeable differences!
All star movies was not what I would expect from a Disney property! We..."
"70" "Al though we had a great time, I expected a better hotel. The rooms are stuck in the 1970! The bed covers are almost vintage. Very small rooms. The best is the hotel staff. Very kind and helpful.And the buses in time."
"71" "I have stayed in this resort for 10 days with my family.
The hotel is good but their services is terrible. I had several issues in my stay.
Before I made my reservation I asked to the hotel if it can receive packages and some..."
"72" "This hotel is old! My room was very small and was located at the very end of the hotel. In fact I was able to see the back of the All Star Music Resort from my building. We knew it was considered a \"value resort\"..."
"73" "We have just returned from two weeks in Florida where we had nine nights at Disney All Star Movies.
The grounds are good, well designed for kids.
Rooms were terrible, not sure if they've had any investment since they were built? Also very small. Carpet..."
"74" "Let me start by saying, I planned this trip for three years. I have a son who has a birth defect and has short term and long term memory problems. He has a hard time remembering our vacations. It has been like 10 years since..."
"75" "My family and I couldn't decide whether we wanted to stay at a Disney resort or a universal resort so we decided to stay on 2 equally priced resorts from each. We stayed our first week at this Disney resort and our second week at..."
"76" "The rooms are in dire need of updating.
The carpet was disgusting, mattresses were horrible and the bathroom tub spout was loose and rusty. The safe still uses a key. Not very happy.
Definitely will not book here again."
"77" "Horrible service full stop, let alone for Disney staff, the staff seemed liked they could care less. The room was small, uncomfortable, the sheets were not clean and the restroom/bathroom area (separated from the main room by a curtain) was disappointingly dark and dingy."
"78" "Sink was clogged and a smell coming from it. Rugs aren't clean. No outlet by bed. Transportation good. I guess you have to pay an arm and a leg to get a nice hotel. Stay off resort if this is the only place you can..."
"79" "We visited here the weekend of hurricane Matthew after having to evacuate my home. I was not impressed with our stay here. My room was clean, but service was horrible. We went to the cafeteria twice to find only 2 food choices. I have a..."
"80" "Don't get me wrong I am a massive Disney fan and love everything Disney. I have visited Disneyworld many times and have stayed in all the budget hotels. This is not my first stay at this particular hotel but I have to report it is..."
"81" "We had some expectation of staying at a Disney-owned resort, but this is certainly not up to it's brand. First, the room we were assigned (Mighty Duck area) is FAR FAR away from the main lobby, despite my original request. Then we arrived at this..."
"82" "Waited forever in check-in line only to find out that my room was not ready although it was half an hour after check in time. Was given no promises as to when the room would be ready. I had to leave with all my luggage..."
"83" "Let me start by saying that I am a huge Disney fan and have visited DW probably 30 times. I have stayed at many of their hotels and have never been disappointed until now. Our room was not particularly clean. The chairs in the room..."
"84" "We stayed here while visiting Disney. The beds are listed as queen size, but they are somewhere between full and twin sized. There is no coffeepot in the room. Let me repeat... NO COFFEEPOT! I didn't think there were any hotel rooms without coffeepots anymore...."
"85" "I really wanted to love this resort but it was not the Disney quality that I expect. We were in the 101 Dalmatians building 4. The room was very rundown, it looked like something built in the 1970s that has never been updated. The walls..."
"86" "So we started at all star music for the first 7 days of our family get together and park vacation. We flew to Florida and saved some days so we booked movies the last 3 days. They assured us the transfer to movies would be..."
"87" "Stayed here about 20 years ago when it first opened. I was about 17 then and thought it was just fine because it was newer and I didn't know any better. Fast forward to my adult years. I'm a parent now and we thought it..."
"88" "We stayed here 12/11-12/13/16. Arrived from airport and checked in at 11 to leave our bags until our room was ready. They said our room wouldn't be avail until between 3-5 pm which we didn't understand as check in is at 3 pm. We were..."
"89" "We've stayed in a number of Walt Disney World resorts, ranging from value Pop Century to deluxes like The Comtemporary, Polynesian Village, and Boardwalk, to moderates like our favorite Port Orleans French Quarter. My wife and I decided to stop by WDW for a night..."
"90" "We used this resort to receive the perks of staying at a Disney Resort, while actually staying in a condo right outside the park. Totally shocked when we did stop in for a few minutes one day to check it out. Economy is definitely the..."
"91" "I think for the price I could get a better hotel.
Pros: is near the parks.
Clean room
No parking fee to get to the parks.
Cons: old
A lot of noise from other rooms
No free breakfast
No free coffee
Not even a bottle..."
"92" "I booked to stay at the Disney Movies as we had stayed there in 2003 and had a great time in fact \"Magic time\". For this reason we booked it for our 25th Anniversary for 2 weeks.
On Arrival check in was horrendous and had..."
"93" "The decor is reminiscent of a motel 6 in Tennessee. You have access to all of the free transportation to Disney entities, which is nice. All in all, it does the job. Just don't get your hopes up expecting the signature Disney perfection and panache..."
"94" "We visited this property 2008 and really enjoyed our stay, but this time around the clean up service was slow, rooms were dark and dingy and the walk was longer than i remember. The front desk personnel were not friendly at check in (my 5..."
"95" "Thin towels, saggy and squeaky beds, terribly worn carpet, noises from nearby rooms, long commute from parks, no text that our room was ready. I've stayed at less expensive motels that are much better."
"96" "After visiting Florida from the UK countless times as a child I'd always wanted to stay at a Disney resort and had high expectations.
We had planned a trip to Florida to meet my family as we now live in Australia and we were arriving..."
"97" "We used our Florida resident rate for a quick 1-night stay. We arrived about 9PM. The check-in lines were long and slow. While we are glad that each guest was greeted and all questions answered and all things Disney explained, the need for more agents..."
"98" "I hate to post this review. We've stayed at All Star Resorts several times, but never Sports. And it's been a few years. This trip has ruined my belief in Disney magic. Our toilet leaked, tub dripped, TV and fridge didn't work, and the WiFi..."
"99" "We wanted to stay at this hotel because of the sports theme and our son loves football, however we won't be back. We've stayed at alot of the Disney hotels and had great experiences but this hotel is lacking alot. This hotel caters to bus..."
"100" "We arrived at 1:30 in the morning! We had to book one night in Disney resort before moving over to Saratoga for our RCI stay! We were told when we booked we had to pay 150 dollars cause they only had their best rooms left!..."
"101" "I have never been so disappointed in a Disney trip before. I have been here many times and it was my boyfriends first time, we were on a budget and although I was expecting the renowned Disney customer service, we barely received basic human customer..."
"102" "We stayed here for one night, arriving around midnight (just needed a place to crash when we flew in a day early due to weather). The front desk staff was creepy, never making eye contact. The room... oh, the room! Carpet stained, drapes stained with..."
"103" "I completely understand that this is the \"economy\" of Disney hotels, but I at least expected decent customer service. What I received was so far from decent I will never return. Let's go into the details:
Upon arrival the girl who checked us in was..."
"104" "Horrible stay before our Disney Cruise. Nada about being booked to capacity due to the National High School Varsity Cheerleading Championships! Loud speakers, screaming til 3AM, wifi down, cell towers saturated! Drunk kids everywhere!"
"105" "As part of the cheer event we had to stay at this hotel. Now while I understand it is the basic of the Disney hotels, I have to say this is not worth the money
The rooms were very small and basic as a value..."
"106" "- There was poop on our bathroom door handle
- there were bugs in the rooms
- the carpets were uncleaned and had scraps
- the shower did not function
Upon arrival, one of my roommates showered and noticed poop on the door handle to..."
"107" "First let me say the grounds and pools are beautiful here, But it all stops at the room door. We returned to the hotel after a long day at the parks only to find that the parking lot for our building had been closed and..."
"108" "The theme is fantastic. Whoohoo. Great to have to have transportation to the parks. The rooms are small and cramped. The first night the fridge running kept me up all night. Second night, a staff member came banging on our door at 1am to give..."
"109" "Upon arrival at the Disney All Star Resort the three members at the \"bell stand\" continued to socialize and ignore our arrival. Our limo driver kindly got their attention and asked for some assistance with our luggage. Acting as though they were interrupted, one of..."
"110" "Not a fan of this resort. Disney property is a plus but too much $ for very little room. Plus is it is a good location for cheer competitions as the transportation to WWS is a must. There is only a food court. Off property..."
"111" "Going to a value resort, I expected the minor niggles (e.g., the small, motel-like rooms), but still expected Disney to come through on service. We were very disappointed.
Through Disney Magic Express, our bags should have been taken care of, but instead they seemed to..."
"112" "We stayed here last week just to overnight before we checked into our other Disney resort room. Check in online was fast and we went right to the room. Upon opening the door it was like entering a prison cell. Room is small and cramped..."
"113" ". . . but you get what you pay for. The rooms themselves are nice enough. Beds were comfortable and space -- while not huge -- was fine. Problem (IMO) is that it is noisy and chaotic. Yes - I know it is Disney and..."
"114" "Need I say more. Over 13 rooms in our group!! A glorified motel is how my child referred to this property. The property tried to accommodate but is there any improving on this situation? They cleaned our belongings but I still have to worry about..."
"115" "This is not what you would expect from a resort in Disney. The fixtures in the bathroom were terrible, the paint an the walls was chipping and the room smelled. The carpet had not been cleaned in a very long time and looks to have..."
"116" "On the last day of my Disney vacation, I was preparing for my review of the All Star Sports Resort. I was specifically thinking of the lack of coffee makers in the rooms, as compared to value hotels anywhere else in the United States. Of..."
"117" "We have been to Disney many times but this was our first time staying on property. Pros- The outside was great, food court was nice. Staff were great, pool. Cons- 1st. beds were hard as rocks and the pillows the same. Woke up everyday sore...."
"118" "Need to improve maintenance on the A/C units. Each time the A/C unit was on we had a musty smell. We called the front desk to fix the problem, they went to fix it, but the smell continued.
The pool activities where great, no food..."
"119" "I'm not sure how this place has such a high average review. This is a glorified MOTEL. Where are these good reviews coming from?? The place is extremely dirty and outdated, it is a shame that it is connected to the Disney name - I..."
"120" "The resort is good overall, just i happened to witness a young child nearly drown at main pool. Me being experienced as a lifeguard and emt intermediate, i didnt see the lifeguards doing enough to care for the child. the child had to be revived,..."
"121" "Yes, this hotel is conveniently located, has the shuttle buses to the parks and is valued priced BUT the rooms are really like cheap Motels instead of hotels. Good thing we didn't spend a lot of time in the room. But when we did, I..."
"122" "We found it hard to get to the pool and at breakfast and night dinner couldn't get served for over 1hr because of the mass groups of kids from groups from Spain and Brazil. Just not the best hotel because they take these mass groups..."
"123" "We came in after the National Volleyball Tournament. We had the wrist band thing, which I thought was a brilliant idea and worked well to get on the Disney Magical Express. We got to the resort and the check in for 13 of us took..."
"124" "Problem started from the moment we were checking in. My brother in law made all the reservations. We didn't arrive at the same time. Staff at the front desk took 2 hours to not figure out how to check us in although we have all..."
"125" "Was only wanting a room to sleep and bathe, so thought I would try a budget hotel with Disney. Thought that at least my room would be clean!
Huge mistake! Walked in and saw footer on bed was filthy with stuff smeared all over it...."
"126" "We love Disney, but this hotel is not the experience we have come to expect from Disney. It is basically a motel with low quality furnishings and amenities. If you are planning a stay on the Disney resort, it is worth the investment to stay..."
"127" "I always stay on property and always love my stays but this time was horrible. I should have stayed off property for less and listened to my husband. I listened to the Disney hype instead so disappointed. First of all you wait 1 hr in..."
"128" "When we drove up we had a good first impression and everything was well the first night we were there but things quickly turned around the next morning, I thought I heard someone's alarm going off in another room, it wasn't it was a bus..."
"129" "Disney All Star Sports, I wouldn't stay there again, it's fine for just sleeping there, but if you're planning to eat there there isn't a wide range of food & all food comes with a pint of oil with it. The family sized pizzas are..."
"130" "It is very hard to check in and actually receive your room. Online check in is easy - getting an actual room is HARD. Arrived at 9:30 am - OK room not ready. Go into the park. OK Come back after 3 PM - still..."
"131" "As a major Disney fan staying in a Disney hotel for 2 weeks sounded amazing! Would not reccomend. The Disney parks were good but the hotel was extremely average, the staff were so rude and the food and drink was ridiculously expensive. It cost 3..."
"132" "we stayed at sports resorts arrived May 11th 2016 from the UK i had a few bites then more over the next few days. 15th May went to bed woke up in the night had lots of new bites then i knew they were coming..."
"133" "Requested connecting rooms when making reservations. Called hotel directly a few days before arrival. Upon checkin no connecting rooms were available. Not sure how or who receives the connecting rooms. They tell you not guaranteed so believe it and don't count on it. Small sundry..."
"134" "We booked a one night stay at the All-Star Sports, figuring that it wouldn't be so bad for the short time we'd be in the room. We won't stay here again, unless they do a massive remodel. Even with the FL Resident rate, this property..."
"135" "Youth love it. Adults, not so much. Cheap rooms that need updated. Concrete painted walk ways outside rooms that is hosed down daily. Housekeeping unplugs all chargers during the day. One pool was closed during refurbishment. Leans more towards a motel 6 but with Disney..."
"136" "I was very disappointed in the sheer small size of the room. It was also very outdated. I was glad that we only had yo spend one night in the very small and uncomfortable room.
Our bags did not arrive until 2 am because they..."
"137" "This hotel is old. Room smelled musty every time I walked in. Employees unenthusiastic almost sullen. Old. Dated. Pool under construction. Mowing the lawn waking up the patrons. Do not use the luggage service! Bags arrive 3 to 5 hrs after arriving. Had to ask..."
"138" "Walls and ceilings are paper thin. You can hear every movement from your neighbors above; especially toilet flushing. Sounds like a space ship is taking off. Food is so expensive that in two meals I spent almost 100 dollars for one person on fast food...."
"139" "First room smelled like a moth ball factory. 45 minutes later and my eyes are still burning. 2nd room smells musty. Must have run out of moth balls. Never will I stay here again. Great price for Disney, but I know why the price is..."
"140" "This is definitely what Disney calls their value resorts. You would think for the prices Disney charges you throughout they could give some simple accommodations like a coffee maker in the room. The beds are as hard as a rock. My fiance and I booked..."
"141" "Where do I start? First week of December is Pop warner week. Big mistake. Pool totally dominated by rude, vulgar, thoughtless \"athletes\". I use this term loosely. I have never seen such disgraceful behavior from a group of youngsters. The
Iife guards were ill-prepared to..."
"142" "This hotel is not much better than a motel 6. The buildings and decor are about 40 years old. For the amount of money that they charge I would not stay there again. There are too many other hotels that are very close by that..."
"143" "I stayed at Disney's All Star Sports Resort and will never stay in any All Star resort again the room was discussing not sure the sheets were ever changed went to take a shower and there was two used bars of soap and shampoo in..."
"144" "Rooms are very basic but clean.
Avoid food court food is not great especially when so expensive.
To be fair it is a value hotel so you get what you pay for.
No tea/coffee facilities in room.
Check in was speedy."
"145" "We were trying to save on cost on this trip because we brought a large family that required 2 rooms. The last time we stayed at the All-Star Sports Resort had to be over 25 years ago. Disney updated the rooms a bit since then...."
"146" "Stayed here several times throughout the year, this time was disappointed. They not only made the football section a premier location and charge extra! The cafeteria was always dirty no clean tables. I understand it's the busy time of the year but was defiantly a..."
"147" "I have wanted to stay at Animal Kingdom Lodge (or Villas) for the past couple of years. As soon as I heard there were giraffes, zebras, and other African wildlife visible from the room’s balconies, I was obsessed with eventually staying there to experience this..."
"148" "We arrived late at the resort, check in was easy but once we got to the room it went down hill. Me and my husband were on our honeymoon and I requested a king bed with the Savannah view, we got to the room with..."
"149" "We had problems with our Dining Plan and Fast Pass since stepping foot on Disney Property. I would never recommend this to anyone. Having to deal with problems since day one completely ruined our trip. Concierge, Front desk, Front Desk Manager, another Concierge all were..."
"150" "I don't want this to be a huge negative review but did need to let it be known that you might want to experience the Animal kingdom lodge one time and you can check it off your list. Seeing the animals from standing on your..."
"151" "well the room was tiny, house keeping did not have room ready as advertised (stain on fold out couch cushion both sides, iron full of water and not working ,clothes pole off in closet,dresser draw separating,refrigerator was not working,&no bath ropes in room as per..."
"152" "Other than the animals, there is not much to recommend this hotel. AC was spotty, room was not very nice, bathroom horrible, no room service between 11am and 6pm, no movies on demand in the room (shocking for a movie company's hotel). It needs to..."
"153" "The lobby is beautiful and the setting perfect with great views of animals. We did not pay extra for a Savannah so have a view of the car park which was expected. Did get the bunk beds requested so great. Room a decent size and..."
"154" "Very original building, animals freely waking around it - very good
Terrible customer service which is ruined all experience. We rented one bedroom suit for two families - hasn't been cleaned properly. Housekeeping missed a day of cleaning. Looks like housekeeping don't know what they..."
"155" "I got to my room for our first trip to Disney world and immediately find black mold that had been caulked over to cover up but the mold was growing out from behind it . My son has asthma and hadn't had to use his..."
"156" "My family of four was really looking forward to AKL after we had just stayed at Port Orleans Riverside. Our kids were very excited at the prospect of seeing the animals up close. However the hotel never matched the expectation and the extra cost. Firstly..."
"157" "Stayed here in April for 10 night's on booking in I think I knew more imformation than the girl behind the desk did my husband said it was to much money for what we received you needed the bus service to get to our room..."
"158" "We decided to stay here after reading the reviews and I’m left thinking were we at the same hotel?
This hotel is way over priced for what it is. It is most definitely not 5 star, its just a 5 star price.
We stayed here..."
"159" "Value resort size room with a high price tag. Two rooms at a value resort would have been better. Luckily they don't charge for the dust. Did you ever see the show Hotel Impossible? He would be schooling housekeeping BIG time. Lobby is impressive. Seeing..."
"160" "We visit Walt Disney World at least every 2 years. We have stayed on site numerous times, but this was our first stay at AKL. We only stayed for one, which was more than we should have.I was disappointed that the hotel smelled of wet..."
"161" "I don't know why there are so many good reviews about this hotel because this hotel is definitely not 4 stars. Front desk staff are not friendly given this is a Disney resort it's disappointing, nothing much for kids to do under 5 other than..."
"162" "Horrible service, cast members were rude and our trip was less than magical. Use your DVC points elsewhere. We did inform management and filled out forms and nothing was done to correct the horrible service or lack of service we recieved."
"163" "My husband and I booked a three night stay here to celebrate my birthday and our anniversary. We saved for quite awhile as rooms were 500 plus a night for club level with a view of the animals.
After being at a park all day,..."
"164" "So we just checked in at Animal Kingdom Lodge Jambo House and I gotta say it's been a disappointment.
First of all, we had requested a room near the lobby for medical reasons for my Mother and they basically just ignored our request and put..."
"165" "I am super sad with the experience in Disney animal kingdom, because for some many years I have the illusion to stay in this hotel, I am disappointed about the room, my family and I reserved the kidani savanna view, I payed extremely high cost..."
"166" "I was there for a honeymoon. Long queue on check in time. Poor service on offering room. I mentioned we were honeymooners but end up taking two beds. Its good for brothers not for honeymooners. It was over priced. Wr went to have a dinner..."
"167" "I booked through the Walt Disney Travel Company UK, I spoke to them several times on the telephone to ensure that my husband who is wheelchair bound would be able to move around in our room, which I was assured he would be able to...."
"168" "Staying at animal kingdom lodge this week and spent a magical day at Magic Kingdom with my family.
We returned to our room after a long day and settled the kids.
Well, a cockroach awaited my wife in the shower. She jumped out and was..."
"169" "Rooms were not so amazing. The restaurant was not too good, everything spicy. View from rooms not as good. The other one that is not Kidani is good while this wasn't good. Friendly service. Pictures show things better than they are, we expected much more,..."
"170" "The bad: Rooms are very small; cruise Ship size. The rooms have not been updated for quite some time. The beds were very hard, not quality mattresses. Typical Disney with $4 waters.
The Good: Plenty of animals in Savanah. Staff was overly nice and pleasant...."
"171" "We stayed here for 8 nights because none of the Moderates were available and we wanted the regular Free Dining Plan that was being offered. It was a mistake.
Good: It's a beautiful, well themed resort. Animals everywhere. Even though we didn't have a savannah..."
"172" "I have been to Orlando about 15 times staying at various 4 and 5 star resorts and decided to stay at a Disney Resort for the first time. Unfortunately, the Animal Kingdom lodge is very dated and the service is subpar at best. The rooms..."
"173" "We stayed at the animal kingdom lodge for 2 nights. We were upgraded to a partial savannah view in zebra trail.it was ok. The view had a partial view of the parking lot and a 30% view of the animals . I really wanted this..."
"174" "Terrible experience with Kidani. The room was dirty. We had to call to get food vacuumed off the floor from a previous guest. Used tissues were under the bed and candy remained under the table in the main room throughout the 6 days we stayed...."
"175" "Rooms were so small!!!! We could barely store our luggage. We had to talk to the manager to get our King bed that was reserved. They said you need to call ahead to make sure you get your selection. Disappointing! There was also an issue..."
"176" "My daughter book a large family room so we could be together and we were very excited to be in this park. Our experience was far from good!!! It started when my wrist band did not have my name on it when everyone else did!!..."
"177" "I stayed this past Summer. When we arrived they did not have a wheelchair available for my mother; they soon assigned a room too far, when we opened the door, the room was really smelly, humid like. The rooms are not fancy, nothing special for..."
"178" "We got here yesterday night. At the beginning I had big expectations because it is a Disney resort but when we got here first I went to the concierge to get our luggage out of the car and they told me to check in first...."
"179" "It's the Motel 6 of the Disney hotel chain...I wouldn't wish this place on my worst enemy. Our luggage didn't arrive until 230am - even after we called for its whereabouts. It had \"just arrived\" from the airport. There's a shower curtain separating sleeping from..."
"180" "Good morning! Rather, it is a complaint , I'm hosted with you in the art disney animation room 8762 Little Mermaid , booked for 5 people ( 2 adults and 3 children) in this room does not fit 5 people should not take bookings for..."
"181" "We were really surprised how POOR our experience was. . . First, the staff was very friendly. And the nicest part of the \"resort\" was the gift shop; that seemed to be the priority here. After my young family walked hundreds and hundreds of yards..."
"182" "I was super excited to stay at this newer Disney resort. My family and I are annual pass holders who love all things Disney. Typically. I am writing this review at 6:00am after spending the last 3 hours seriously contemplating going down to my car..."
"183" "I was prompted to write this review my conversation with a Disney customer service representative regarding our stay. We were really looking forward to the cute Little Mermaid room and our days at Magic Kingdom with our daughter. Night 2 of our stay, when we..."
"184" "If we walked into this room at any other hotel, we would of turned around and walked back out. I know it is only a place to sleep, but it could at least have decent beds. They were barely off the ground and our feet..."
"185" "When I come to Disney with a friend or two in the past we have stayed at either Pop Century or Allstar Music/Movies because we typically don't spend that much time at the resort. We decided to stay at this resort because we had heard..."
"186" "Family of five in a cars suite for five days. The good: out door themes well done, pools were awesome, gift shop was huge. The bad: jammed packed even in early feb, cafeteria was crowded to the point I will never go here again, busses..."
"187" "If you want to stay in a mermaid covered motel 6 this is the place for you. We picked this lovely room because our little girl loves the little mermaid. We assumed the room would have been filled with pictures of Ariel. Wrong. Should have..."
"188" "I took my grand daughter on her first trip to Disney, NOT a fan of this hotel. I have stayed an many Disney properties and have not had issues or reason to complain, this trip was very different. We checked in and right off the..."
"189" "Finishing up a week long Disney trip with the family here. Overall the trip was fun and the \"resort\" was decent. First off this isn't a resort in the same sense as you would usually expect.. They're no spa or gym etc. The service is..."
"190" "Although we have been to Disney World many times, this is our first time staying at the Art of Animation hotel. What an enormous disappointment. The front desk seems to be perpetually understaffed as there is nearly always a lengthy wait for any services. The..."
"191" "We thought that the Art of Animation was a just ok resort. Our middle school son was really too old for this resort and we wish we had chosen a resort that was less themed and nicer overall. Heavily themed resort with lots of people..."
"192" "Ok, this is the second year at Disney World, my children ran in the Princess Marathon. I had called The Art of Animation months in advance and requested a room close to the bus stop as we had to BE at the bus stop at..."
"193" "For the price you pay you would expect a basic level of cleanliness, amenities and convenience. The room was dirty with food on the floor. The Disney agent misled us about the amenities we asked for when we booked the trip. For instance, no coffee..."
"194" "To set the scene, I'll disclose that we have been annual Disney passholders for the past 3 years and we LOVE Disney! We travel to Disney probably 7-9 times per year but have always stayed off property at wonderful resorts. However, I have always wanted..."
"195" "First let me say that the resort is a nice resort. Rooms were clean as well as the resort was very well kept. However, if you think your property is safe in your room think again. We stayed at the Art of Animation for 7..."
"196" "stayed in cars suite. carpets were dirty throughout hotel with stains in front of every room door. beds were horrible. Only one real bed in suite, went to a nearby walmart and bought mattress pads for the beds. Bought Disney dining plan. Lunch and dinner..."
"197" "This resort may cause us to never return to disney again. There were several things we were unaware of during booking. This resort is the furthest from magic kingdom, no coffee in room & if you're an early riser you're out of luck until the..."
"198" "Eight members of our family spent a week at Disney's Art of Animation resort. We stayed in the Lion King and Little Mermaid buildings in both single and suite accommodations. Several issues occurred over the week which were politely listened to by the front desk..."
"199" "We stayed in an Airt of Animation \"Family Suite\" because WDW has limited options for 6 people. The room is basically two small hotel rooms joined. One half is a typical bedroom, the other is like a living room, dining table and kitchenette. In practice..."
"200" "Mermaid Room was furthest from the resort center made for alot of walking to catch the shuttles and get food. Difficult for handicap people which my husband and I are. Room was dirty, there was a used bandaid behind the bathroom door when we arrived..."
"201" "We stayed at the Art of Animation resort for the second time (once back in June 2014, and this past week). We decided to stay there again because we had a fine experience the first time, and thought our boys would like the Cars theme...."
"202" "Pros: The themes were remarkable, the grounds were immaculate and the wait for the Disney transportation never took longer than 20 minutes. If you are traveling with children, the Cars family suites would be perfect. The Landscape of Flavors was a food court - nothing..."
"203" "If you like waiting, here's the hotel for you! Always easy to find the bus line... just look for the longest line at the bus stop. You will spend your entire vacation in line at the bus, watching busses for other resorts come and go...."
"204" "You just pay for the outside,super cute areas for pictures but besides that nothing else to do ,the room is the same as a regular sheap hotel ,just with littjle mermaid decoration ,no microwave in room and no activities for little ones ...the music in..."
"205" "Bus service sucks at this resort. I stayed here for about 2 weeks, and their were a handful of times when I had to wait close to an hour for a bus. Which was awful because it was either raining or super hot and standing..."
"206" "To be fair, this hotel is economical, beautifully decorated, and clean. Everything you would expect, minimally from Disney. But that is where the pros come to a screeching halt!
Started my hotel with 4 pillows for two beds, 3 glasses, zero extra pillows, zero extra..."
"207" "We requested an early check in. Check in is normally at 3pm, our room was not ready until after 7pm. We asked for a manager who gave us a small credit. She told us we could have a late checkout at 1pm instead of 11am...."
"208" "You get what you pay for! The food court was awful, the food was not good. They don't even have butter for those of us that prefer the real stuff. I have been going to Disney for 20 years and this visit was to surprise..."
"209" "Started out great got upgraded to a suite without asking because room wasn't ready. Then little things popped up. For instance pool gets evacuated almost every other day due to leaky diapers sure it's cleaned and unusable for the rest of the day so sure..."
"210" "Stayed at this hotel for an hour. The rooms were terrible not even the standard of a travelodge. There were two really old beds. No coffee maker. No pool towels. There was lots of plastic tacky furniture and thousands of rooms reminiscent of a council..."
"211" "Visited Art of Animation in late May and was didn't enjoy my time at the hotel. For the price of staying at a Disney property I really thought I would get more or at least the room would be roomy and up to par. Stayed..."
"212" "Wifi is just so-so here. Alittle disappointed on that. Tried to post photos online from daily events and hard to do with wifi just being so-so. Disney should do alittle better with the wifi service. The car section is nice and we could see firework..."
"213" "We booked this hotel specifically because of the characters and grounds -since my daughter is obsessed with Disney. Little did I know, that was really the only plus about this resort. Let's see... No towels at the pool (odd), the worst food court I've ever..."
"214" "My husband and I stayed here with our 3 year old daughter and checked out after one night as we could not have stayed there another minute.
Pros: Very well themed and clean. The grounds were very cool for my daughter to walk through and..."
"215" "We are HUGE fans of Disney. We come every single year. We just spent one week at Wilderness Lodge (which was amazing!), then extended over trip by two more days and decided to give this resort a try. Never again. Broken down and not well..."
"216" "To be fair I usually review all inclusive resorts in Mexico and Caribbean on top of business types of hotels internationally. So my review is based on what I am used to. I do travel often with my family to those places too for perspective...."
"217" "I don't know if WDW's service has slipped in the past few years, or if we were just really unlucky, but I put about $10K into our week-long stay and our experience was not commensurate with the overall cost of the vacation. 1) We chose..."
"218" "Just came back. Wanted to love this place but I was very disappointed. While the room we had was nice (a nemo suite), the resort is showing signs of wear. Patches of paint were missing in the halls, the rugs were filthy and the walls..."
"219" "My family and I just returned from a recent stay at this resort. I have stayed here twice. Wrote and had wonderful experiences. Due to Hurricane Matthew the resort had to go into lock down and the cafeteria was closing. Guests were to get in..."
"220" "So where to start. The first few nights were pleasant enough however as we are a family of 5 we asked if there was a bigger room to accommodate us. There were no rooms they said so we stayed in the room and made do...."
"221" "We have typically stayed in deluxe resorts with Disney but thought we would try a family suite here for additional space. We stayed in building 10 in a lion king suite. Loved the space and the theme was good. The mermaid pool is awesome. But..."
"222" "The resort opening took place in 2013. I`ve been there for three times so I can evaluate the place like no one other. First, they use to treat faithful clients as someone already in love so need no care. My request for a feel days..."
"223" "We stayed here because it was on Disney property and we thought being on the property would give us a lot more time to enjoy Magic Kingdom. The bus ride left every
20 minutes and took a little over 20 minutes to get there. One..."
"224" "We thought this might be a more sensical alternative to some of the deluxe hotels. We were wrong. There is a HUGE difference in the two price points and I would not recommend this resort.
This is Disney's newest resort, but the floor in the..."
"225" "We stayed at Disney's Art of Animation Oct.30- Nov. 5. The only positive about this resort was it was clean. Everything was very dated. Long walk to catch the Disney express to the park. Long walk to get to the food court. There was only..."
"226" "You would think Disney resort equals disney service right?!?! Nope completely wrong..
When we checked in we had arrived to the resort at 945am. We were told that the room was not ready but we would be receiving a text shortly when it was.. at..."
"227" "We had a great stay and enjoyed the 2 nights we were at the resort. However, when we got home we realized we had brought BED BUGS home with us. I cannot believe how many people have written threads saying how AOA has a bed..."
"228" "Dinning here is a joke and some of the staff need training on how to smile and actually make your stay worthwhile and memorable.
What ever happened to customer service? You get better service from a mobile taco stand.
Rather than play with a pair..."
"229" "The room was dirty, when we got here. The cookie crumbs on the carpet from previous visitors were here for three days, until I called room service to specifically ask them to vacuum the carpet. The sheets didn't change for several days, until I asked..."
"230" "We stayed at the Art of Animation resort, in The Little Mermaid Standard Room. The room was small and very cramped. Additionally, the room didn't have any windows or balconies on the anterior end, making the room feel very claustrophobic. Bathroom was tiny and the..."
"231" "Way over priced. Nice hotel and great location but that's all. Not even close value for the price. Couldn't get reservation for dinner at any resort in area even though a dozen tables empty for hours. They'd rather have the table held for hours for..."
"232" "This hotel was a disappointment. The room was old and wasn't very clean. There was a lot of pollen/dust and my daughter had skin allergies. We had been to so many hotels before and she never had this problem.
The air condition did not work...."
"233" "Disney Magic is supposed to be legendary. The current ad campaign presents a beautifully polished family being checked into a resort by a smiling girl with fairy wings who can make all of your dreams come true. This was far from our recent experience at..."
"234" "This was the 3rd time we stayed at the Beach Club. The last time was 6 years ago and we had always had a good experience. We will never stay here again. Of the three days we were there, housekeeping cleaned our room once! All..."
"235" "We planned this vacation 5 months ahead and we picked this resort for the water slide and pool.
When we arrived there were signs up that the slide was closed due to maintenance.
That's only the beginning.
The kids got sick; not anyone's fault, it..."
"236" "I decided to tag along with my husband for a conference he had in Florida and take our two children (2 and 3). I have never written a review on anything before, I have vacationed all my life and was speaking with friends about our..."
"237" "Just returned from a four night stay with my husband and two teenage daughters. On the positive side, the size of the room was adequate, and I was glad the shower and toilet were separated from the vanity area. There was another mirror on the..."
"238" "Disney is generally known as a company that delivers world-class customer experience across their products and services. However, the Disney Beach Club Resort was a huge disappointed from the time I arrived until the day I departed. I hope the GM of the hotel reads..."
"239" "We stayed here a couple of weeks ago, and frankly I was not impressed. The rooms are clean but not particularly large. Decorated simply. We had a standard room which is $350 a night, which I think is way overpriced for what you get. The..."
"240" "After being posted in May on the Disneyworld Review site I noticed my review was removed. I am not a regular reviewer but wanted others to know this currently problem with DVC and Beach Club specifically. So I decided to post this to Tripadvisor as..."
"241" "This hotel appears nice and is convenient to Epcot and Animal Kingdom. However, it was so loud we got no sleep!!! There was a pool party every night until 10 pm. Then there were marathon racers up and cheering at 4 am, neither of which..."
"242" "My family just got back from a week's stay at the Beach Club. We paid for club level service on this trip as we liked the convenience of not needing to seek out breakfast, snacks, etc. We weren't welcomed upon arrival to the hotel and..."
"243" "On our first trip to Disney, we expected every aspect of our experience to be amazing. Sadly, Disney Beach Club staff and the Villas are not amazing. We rented 2 rooms with an adjoining door. With park passes, we paid over $11,000 for a week,..."
"244" "From check in to check out we had the worst experience. Almost all the encounters in between left me feeling as if the staff was too busy to be bothered. I can go into specific details about each experience but that won't help anyone. After..."
"245" "We are DVC owners with our home resort being Bay Lake Towers. For this trip in April 2015, we wanted to make a change, so a year in advance, I booked a week at Beach Club Villas. We are a large family of 7, 5..."
"246" "we have come to the Beach Club every year for the past 12 + years. This was our first very disappointing experience. Clearly there was a change of management from last year and this has resulted in negative changes throughout the resort. 1) Staff overall..."
"247" "We recently stayed at the Boardwalk in and had a horrible experience. First of all, the front desk manager that we encountered was rude. I had requested a room away from the elevator and with a balcony. I was put in room 5285. This room..."
"248" "I have stayed in hundred's of hotels worldwide but i personally found this Hotel lacking in any character . The service was fairly good in parts, but for a Hotel that doesn't have a Restaurant even to serve a Cooked Breakfast is unbelievable! I was..."
"249" "Paid 600$ for one night and told me no king bedroom. Image how couples stay in a room with two queen beds. The reservation manager is absolutely rude. Horrible room. Will never stay in this hotel again ever! I even asked what if I pay..."
"250" "Our room location was fine, one elevator was out of order but it didn't really slow anything down. There is no hotel in the restaurant, so therefore no easy place to use the dining plan. There is a small bar which is packed at night..."
"251" "So we come here annually. My wife comes twice with my son in the summer when I am busy.
This trip I was again disappointed by the lack of cleanliness of our room. Hair all over the floor. Rugs with noticeable garbage. Unidentified white stuff..."
"252" "Let me tell you: I stayed in a lot of different hotels, in different countries and US states, and I am trying to learn the difference between power of the brands and the substance of the hotel offering. I understand the power of Disney brand,..."
"253" "We have stayed at the Boardwalk before but never during construction. Disney put us in a room right above where they were doing construction. Banging and drilling started at 8:30 am and went until 5:30pm. Do not stay here until all the construction is complete...."
"254" "Although this has a lovely shopping and restaurant area, the hotel itself was not what I would consider a $400.00 a night accommodation. My mother in law couldn't get in to her room for two days due to the lock not working properly which did..."
"255" "Buyer beware. We booked a \"Club level Deluxe room\" the Disney website said it had a view of the Lake (which it did. A fantastic view) and that it was at Club level. When we arrived for our 3 night stay, we were never greeted..."
"256" "Disney has lost its luster. Checkin was painful with the cast member totally clueless on the process. Toilet in room was malfunctioning and engineering did not fix timely. Housekeeping totally missed our room the first night...imagine coming in late, hot & tired to find no..."
"257" "We have visited Orlando several times over the last twenty years and we have stayed in many of the top 5* hotels with no real problems. This was a very special holiday for us so we decided
To stay on a Disney property and our..."
"258" "This is quite overdue, but our latest experience was so atrocious that I had review it.
I planned a trip with a lovely and generous friend who has a son the same age as mine (4 at the time). Both boys are not the best..."
"259" "Don't waist your money here. The houseman supervisor and manager doesn't care how I felt. They are cold hearted and treat people wrong. Other employees in other work areas are good treated me with respect. The supervisor and manager are jerks. Housekeeping come too late..."
"260" "I as an owner in a Disney Vacation Club owner
Am very disappointed. For years i have been happy but this year my attitude is changing on check in the front desk personal have no idea about whats going on
Different bars different prices
Seems..."
"261" "We have stayed at Disney 10 times over the last 10 years. We are DVC members, which I highly recommend against...once they have your money, DVC treats you like an inconvenience.
Our stay began by being put into a room that no one would choose...."
"262" "We recently returned from our family vacation from the Boardwalk. 11 of us traveled together ranging in age from 15 months to 45 yo. We became infected by the Noravirus 5 days into our 10 day vacation most likely from the childrens pool. First one..."
"263" "I was so excited to come, from the moment we checked in I was disappointed and it never improved.
The woman at check in was rude, it felt like we were bothering her by being there.
We got to our room and the balcony was..."
"264" "This was our first time staying at Disney's BoardWalk Villas. We stayed the week of August 9, 2106. I will break up my review into pros and cons:
The Good:
+ Front desk staff and managers were amazing. The best thing about this hotel was..."
"265" "First off, We love Disney world! We love the resorts, restaurants almost as much as the parks. This review is based on a recent stay this past August. @ Disneys Boardwalk resort. The Boardwalk is probably one of our favorite resorts, well was. We understand..."
"266" "Updated looked great upon arrival but had some issues. GFCI in the kitchen are wouldn't reset...turns out there was a short in the microwave...also a slow draining sink and a lamp with a broken plug. The electrician called housekeeping to let them know the microwave..."
"267" "Wife and I come to WDW at least twice per year and it's a toss-up as to where we stay between the Boardwalk Villas, Beach Club Villas or Old Key West. This trip (December '16) we chose the Boardwalk Villas. We did not choose wisely...."
"268" "It appears they were understaffed for the amount of people there. There was a mix up with two of our four bags that were supposed to be delivered to the room. We received two of our bags but we're missing two. I called the service..."
"269" "After all the hype and positive comments we had heard about Disney World, we looked forward with great anticipation to our visit.
Unfortunately, we were deeply disappointed...the room was very cold, yes evenings in Orlando can be chilly..and our heating system in the room did..."
"270" "I stayed here 10 years ago and had a wonderful time. I was excited to come back. We got a room in the Trinidad North section and upon walking in the room you instantly were hit with an awful smell! It smells like a mixture..."
"271" "My daughter and I went to Disney for New Years Eve. We were assigned a room in Trinidad North in section 32. Upon arrival we noticed right away an odd smell in the room. We called the front desk and we were told that all..."
"272" "We chose this hotel over other similar priced ones because of the Caribbean theme and its location. We stayed in the Trinidad South building even though we asked to stay in Martinique. It was too far to walk to the main building that has the..."
"273" "the architecture from outside looks charming, so does the lobby where you check in.
When you get in your car and finally find your room, upon entering, your lower lip falls to the ground and you cannot believe your eyes!
If this is the intermediate..."
"274" "Do not stay at this hotel! We had our iPad, Kindle, and some other small possessions stolen out of our room. A resort manager never cam to personally speak with us. Instead, we were given a customer service number to call to file a claim...."
"275" "We got dropped off from the airport shuttle around 8pm. We had magic bands and knew our hotel room but the hotel is huge and no way you can walk to your room. We asked the front desk where the room was and rudely they..."
"276" "I have stayed at several of the \"economy\" Disney Resorts, and to me, this doesn't rank any higher, plus it is more expensive.
My biggest gripe is that the beds are super uncomfortable. My husband didn't sleep a wink. Also, we got lunch at the..."
"277" "After almost 20 years since my last stay I returned to the Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort, I was not pleased to say the least! I found they had done nothing to improve it since my last visit. I went and complained to the front desk..."
"278" "The resort is nice but the pirate rooms are very far the port Royal . It's cold out and we have stayed at the bus stop for the magic kingdom bus for half an hour so far 4 animal kingdom, 3 Epcot not one for..."
"279" "The only reason I am giving this resort two stars is because it was very peaceful and quiet as the resort is very large but that's where the positive ends. We did online check in and asked to be on a second floor in Martinique...."
"280" "OK, first the positives. The Disney staff are superb, the Caribbean resort complex is very picturesque with manicured gardens, enormous lake as a central feature, each block of apartments has its own large pool and the main central pool and Jacuzzi are all impressive.
Unfortunately..."
"281" "Disappointing stay. First time staying on Disney Resort property. Room reservations took almost 2 hours to fix upon arrival. Luggage did not arrive to our rooms as advertised. We had to call 3 times to get it and the last of the bags finally arrived..."
"282" "I've stayed at almost every Disney hotel and this was the last moderate I hadn't stayed at..and if I would have known how bad my stay was going to be, I would have left it on my bucket list.
Beyond having the painfully slowest check..."
"283" "I was so disappointed in this hotel. Upon arrival something happened just outside the hotel that caused a swarm of police to fill the property, including a police helicopter, on a man hunt. I understand this had nothing to do with the hotel but it..."
"284" "Gross room, lots of mildew in the shower, multiple long dark hairs on the dirty shower floor, sneaker prints on the bathroom floor. Candy left behind on the floor next to a bed. DIRT and something foreign on the side of what was suppose to..."
"285" "I made a reservation for a 12 day stay SEVEN MONTHS in advance. I asked for a ground floor room, close to transportation. I explained to the reservation clerk that we sisters were two gray haired ladies and one of us could not climb stairs..."
"286" "We are major Disney fans and have stayed at many of the Disney Resorts from Value to Deluxe. Caribbean Beach was by far the biggest disappointment! We were so excited to arrive for our 2 night stay. We arrived via Disney bus and proceeded to..."
"287" "Stayed there in January for a gymnastics comp. I was extremely disappointed in lack of maintenance to the exterior and poor housekeeping. Refrigerator was not working, bugs in bathroom. They booked us on the second floor with no elevator- major problem as the stairs were..."
"288" "This was our 3rd trip to Disney and our first disappointment. Do not stay here! The rooms were not cleaned, we had garbage in he draws and food on the floors. Manager did compensate us apologising but room was never cleaned up. Dead bugs on..."
"289" "We planned a week's stay at Disney for a family vacation that turned out to be the biggest disappointment ever due to this horrible resort. We have stayed at Disney World resorts quite few times over the years and never had a complaint. We expected..."
"290" "We checked into this hotel last evening and were given a room next to a smoking area. Our son has allergies and we asked to be switched. The staff was visibly annoyed by this request and told us there was nothing available. I asked if..."
"291" "Unfortunately this is nothing much more than a room to sleep in after big days at Disney parks. The rooms are small as is the bathroom. The service at the food court, where we only ate breakfast was not as smiley or friendly as I..."
"292" "Just checked in today, have to say I'm very disappointed in quality of the room. Had much higher expectations based on the Disney website photos, plus the pool area near us is closed for renovation. Should have checked TripAdvisor member reviews first. It feels like..."
"293" "I am staying at Caribbean Beach resort. Last night, there was a group of college kids hanging out in the courtyard outside of our room making a lot of noise. This was about 1030 at night. They were asked to keep it down and did..."
"294" "Have been to many of the top and OK resorts. This one is far below the rest. Slow check in. Terrible good court. Rude staff and not that kid friendly. Worst is the food as its burned and just like a poor fast food chain...."
"295" "We were so looking forward to staying on site for the first time. However, our expectations were not terribly high....we just wanted a clean hotel room with the special bit of magic that Disney does best. We did not get that at all.
First of..."
"296" "I knew this was one of the Disney moderate resorts but I did not realize that meant a substandard level of cleanliness and friendliness.
The Pros:
1. I was there during the Princess Marathon events so it was one of the more affordable options.
2...."
"297" "The place is reasonable priced and as the saying goes ... You get what you pay for! The room looks clean until you notice the cobwebs and dirt. The air conditioning is cold and that's a positive. The controls are a little off so you..."
"298" "First of all - if I come off as disturbed,it's due to lack of sleep. I'm writing this review at 3:00 am because my AC is so loud and makes a cyclical vibration that it's keeping the wife and me awake. :( I mentioned the..."
"299" "My family of 5 stayed here March 25-March 30 in building 16. We've stayed at the All-star music, all-star movie, pop century, art of animation, and port Orleans riverside and we will never come back to this one. The pools are beautiful and the food..."
"300" "First- the resort is huge. The pathways go all over, no straight shot to anywhere. We stayed in building. 16. After a long day at the park it is a long walk from the bus stops (half way between two). And a long walk to..."
"301" "My kids wanted to stay in the pirate rooms at the Caribbean resort, so we booked it. They are not worth it. For starters the resort is so large that the busses are full before they go to our stops. Waiting at night two or..."
"302" "I was really looking forward to this resort since I had read many reviews and been referred to by my TA. I was disappointed at first sight really. The resort was much more run down that I had imagined. I was put in a newly..."
"303" "We stayed here once before in 2012. It's changed so much and for the better. We were traveling with 2 other families for my sons first Disney trip. We checked in and waited for our rooms. Ours was ready, the other 2 families weren't. We..."
"304" "Firstly I am Disney's biggest fan and have been going for years and this is the first negative experience I've ever had. I seriously did not even feel like I was on Disney property. I got a really good rate to stay in a pirate..."
"305" "I'll give it one good review, It is very beautiful place to stay but not beautiful enough to give a good review because we had money stolen from our room. I got a rash from the hot tub (on a 10 day does of antibiotics..."
"306" "We just got back from our Disney Vacation and I had to write a review about our awful experience at DISNEY'S CARIBBEAN BEACH RESORT
First of all, we paid extra money for the preferred room in this resort ,but we did not realize how far..."
"307" "our luggage was suppose to take 3 hours to get delivered to our room from when we arrived at the airport... it took them 9 and they were rude when we called and asked where it was. no microwaves in the room and the food..."
"308" "This is my second vist to the Caribbean Beach Resort and I was beyond disappointed. By the time I got there my room was not ready so had to go to the front desk, this was the start of the bad experience. I did the..."
"309" "I just came back from this resort and I wouldn't advice anyone to stay there.
In order to be objective, I'll break it down to points and mention the pros and cons of each.
Transportation: Decent as they offer free transportation from and to the..."
"310" "My family and I stayed here while on our Disney vacation. The resort is nice and the food is good however the housekeeping is seriously lacking. As soon as we got to the resort we throw our bags in our room and went straight to..."
"311" "My children loved the pool and the landscaping was beautiful. The food was terrible, I have had better breakfasts at cheap hotel chains. The customer service was not what I expected from Disney. I decided to use the Bus transportation and was waited over 45..."
"312" "If you’ve never stayed at a Disney resort - if staying at the Caribbean Beach Resort will be your first Disney resort experience, the first time you’ve ever stayed on property - then don’t do it, don’t stay here. There is no Disney magic here!..."
"313" "Staff are so rude. Never known rudeness like it! The food is DISGUSTING! I basically lived off yoghurt and fruit for a week. Only decent things are the rooms, shuttle buses and the grounds. Overall i would never stay in this hotel again. Awful experience..."
"314" "Ordered an accessible waterview room six months ago, and whilst no indication of any problems at point of order, when we turned up, we were told that there were no accessible rooms available, so they gave us what they called a waterview room. The only..."
"315" "Housekeeping would leave the bags of used linen in the walkway in front of the doors to the rooms. The sheets were not changed while we were there and trash hardly ever emptied. I love Disney resorts but we were so disappointed in this resort...."
"316" "This place is so big you have to take a bus to the main office. It is so large that you have to hike everywhere. The pool was shut down near Trinidad South and we had to walk to the main pool. It was so..."
"317" "4 Years ago we went to Disney and stayed at Port New Orleans. It was a amazing time and everyone was over the top nice from start to finish. This past week we stayed at Caribbean Beach and it was anything but nice. We drove..."
"318" "First room we checked into smelled like something was burning from the air conditioner. Called the front desk and asked we be moved. They made us wait in the room til the fire department came. I took my niece out while my daughter stayed on..."
"319" "Arrived via Magic Bus late evening. Waited 30 minutes for internal bus even though they have a 'bell staff'. My luggage never arrived until the following morning and it too 3 phone calls to get it. I stayed in Jamaica. The best thing I can..."
"320" "I have visited the Walt Disney World resort since I was a young child shortly after the park opened in 1971. This was my 19th visit to WDW. My family and I are huge fans of WDW and always stay in a Disney property. We..."
"321" "The pool was great for kids although crazy overcrowded but the hotel and Disney in general was absolutely awful. The room was quite nice as well. But, the service was the worst. Our room wasn't ready until 4:30 despite a 3pm check in time and..."
"322" "We stayed here for a night before going on a Disney Cruise. In my opinion, this is a renovated Howard Johnson's. Hotel is just ok, but when we arrived, there were clumps of black hair on the shower walls. On the first night when we..."
"323" "Our family had two rooms here and this is the first time we have had a negative experience with cleanliness at a Disney Resort. The floors in both rooms had visible dirt in every corner - it didn't appear they had been properly cleaned in..."
"324" "I love Disney and don't want to give a poor review, but there is just no reason to pay additional money for this so-called \"moderate\" resort. This resort is extremely spread out, and it involves a great deal of walking or waiting for the bus..."
"325" "I wasn't very impressed with this Disney resort. The rooms are very small and the bathroom is even smaller. Not a lot of room to maneuver around in the room . We stayed in Martinique and the pool was being redone. I got the impression..."
"326" "We've been to Disney SEVERAL TIMES at least 5. This is the worse hotel we've stayed in. So bad my husbands says we won't go back to Disney. Now we all know that's not true but I can say we will NEVER stay here again...."
"327" "We were very unhappy with this hotel. The place is quite run down and dirty. The doors are rusty and have peeling paint. The rooms are dark and not overly clean. The beds are very ow quality. i know one could argue that these are..."
"328" "After staying here for 8 nights, I've noticed how bad this resort is. Oops not resort, hotel. This hotel is huge and that really sucks. You really can never sit on the bus if you don't wake up at 6. The pool is the only..."
"329" "Got here Monday . We booked a second floor , water view room . We got a room that was none of that . It was musty and smelled moldy . I did call the front desk and demanded a new room . We did..."
"330" "Checked in to Caribbean Beach on 07/18/16. The smell of smoke was disgusting. Guests should have never been allowed to use this room. I know Disney can't keep guests from smoking, but housekeeping should have had the carpet cleaned before guests checked in. A cast..."
"331" "This was our first stay at a Disney Resort, and I was far from impressed. The room smelled like mold, multiple outlets didn't work, housekeeping didn't even make the bed one day (let alone do any fun housekeeping things for the kids with their disney..."
"332" "We checked in at 9 am and headed to Disney while waiting on a text that when our room was ready (never got it). At 4 , we called and checked in our room about 4:30.
Lets start with the room: it is absolutely disgusting...."
"333" "Stayed at this hotel for 10 nights, our first experience of Disney and wouldn't rush back ! The hotel is very big so it does make it more relaxed as everyone is spread out. The big pool is great for little kids , older kids..."
"334" "We just got back from a six night stay. The ground were clean and pretty- no kid friendly Disney touches however. Staff wasn't friendly in an area except express/online check in. Dining area food was fine BUT forget finding a seat-it was a madhouse everyday-..."
"335" "We had big expectations having visited other Disney resorts. This one proved to be very low end and poor on service. The pools were all very crowded and due to the layout of the resort you needed to walk a long ways just to get..."
"336" "This review is based on my other stay at at Disney Resort (POP Century) as I don't feel you can relate Disney rooms to random hotels. I knew going into this hotel, there was going to be less of a Disney theme but I did..."
"337" "No frills, Standard, two \"Queen\" bed room.
I love Disney, but for as much as you pay for a hotel room at their resorts, the room should be a little nicer. It was comparable to any other chain hotel.
The restaurant is mostly a cafeteria..."
"338" "Our party consisted of seven (6 adults, one child aged nine). During our stay we had to contact reception on numerous occasions to ask why our room hadn't been cleaned, no clean towels left, items eg cups/glasses left unwashed, two items belonging to my Grandson..."
"339" "We stayed two nights as at this resort to get some Disney time into our Florida trip. The first room we checked into in the \"Jamaica\" section was dirty, dusty, the room looked outdated all the furniture was nicked and damaged and when I opened..."
"340" "I've been to Disney World every year for the past 10 years and this has been the worst year by far. I would have expected better seeing that I paid over $3,000.00 up front. 1. There was trash and food left behind the pull down..."
"341" "I'll start with the negatives.
The main one is that the transport here is terrible. Start with waiting up to 20mins between buses, then having full buses (we were normally the last pick up) then add the actual tracker time. This in itself was not..."
"342" "My husband and I always stayed at Deluxe resorts in Disney before having children, usually Boardwalk Resort. We took my then 2.5 year old and decided to go Caribbean Beach Resort because the theming looked like fun. Upon arrival we were upgraded to a Pirate..."
"343" "We just got back 1 week ago. The hotel itself is charming but it is old and repairs do need to be made. We had a horrible problem with the toilet. Bad sewage smell emitted from the bathroom. We had housekeeping come check it out..."
"344" "Stayed here for 10 days in August \ September 2016. Rooms are all very small, damp, dirty and need a total refurbishment.
Another review compared the resort to Pontins in the UK and I couldn't agree more.
Unless you have 4+ kids all named after..."
"345" "We are huge Disney fans and have stayed in several of their resorts over the last thirty years . This was last minute trip for 4 nights for wife and I
I can't tell you how dissatisfied we were, we paid almost $2k for 4..."
"346" "After the Disney Magical Express drops you off at the Custom House (Lobby), you get to check-in. There are 2 options, online check in for the folks who has done it (ie, me) and the regular check in line. So I get on the online..."
"347" "Made our reservation a week in advance. King bed. Prechecked in earlier and was told we'd have a king. Didn't get a text that the room was ready in almost 4:30. Guess what...... 2 full size beds. Then I was told they would get back..."
"348" "As part of my Disney Cruise, was told my bags would be delivered to my room from the airport. Five hours later...no luggage...crying kids because they can't go swimming. Not sure when the luggage will be here. So...go to baggage claim and get your luggage!..."
"349" "Currently sitting in our car in a lightening and severe rain storm, locked out of our room for the second time today. Originally the battery in our door opener, that links with magic band died. We waited over 20 mins for staff to arrive, all..."
"350" "What a horrible experience. We decided to stay at the Disney Caribbean Beach Resort [NOT] for 4 days. We traveled with 3 other families and had a total of 4 rooms. We requested a second floor, not knowing that this dirty motel has no elevators...."
"351" "We stayed at this resort for 5 nights as it came highly recommended by the Virgin Rep who booked our holiday, to say we were disappointed was an understatement
We had a pirate room which was cool but that is the only good comment I..."
"352" "Family of four. We're in our 30s with two boys under 3 yrs old. Our expectations for hotel/resort is cleanliness, appealing decor, & polite staff. We visit Orlando every year, but typically stay up the road off property. We LOVE Disney & have looked forward..."
"353" "There were no evidence that you were in Disney! This place is not for little kids that love Disney ! There are no sign that you are in Disney . The resort is just huge buildings. No sculptures of characters ect. The pirate pool play..."
"354" "This is our first visit to Florida and got to say we aren't impressed with this hotel. Firstly we asked for Martinique and a corner room. We got Barbados and a middle room! I know it's only a request but it's the little things. On..."
"355" "We stayed at Caribbean resort , really wanted to stay at french Quarter . First the check in is on opposite side of everything in resort, so its a big inconvenience ,checking in and if u need to go there for anything. The workers there..."
"356" "My daughter and I returned from a memorable mother/daughter trip to Disney World. The park experience was wonderful. The hotel was clean and the grounds beautifully kept...no complaints there. However, anyone contemplating using Disney's complimentary luggage delivery service from the airport to your room should..."
"357" "Do not let the high price for rooms fool you into thinking they will make it worth the money. I have always heard of the great customer service at Disney, nothing could be further from the truth. They are not prepared for the large crowds...."
"358" "Pool was closed one day during our stay with no explanation given or apologies offered for the inconvenience. The pool area also had no towels available for guest use. Positive note, the room was clean and bedding comfortable. Room was equipped with coffeemaker and a..."
"359" "we ended up getting the preferred rooms we paid for when initially got told the day before flight that we wouldn't have these , on arrival the check I staff where fab when we went to our rooms x4 we had we all noticed a..."
"360" "This place was a nightmare! Took them 10 hours and 3 hotels to get us a in a room, and we lost our first day in the parks because of it, then had ot pay a extra day to use our tickets! They put a..."
"361" "Spent 4 nights at Caribbean Beach, it is on par with a motel 6. The rooms are old and worn, no clock available, fridge didn't work well. Of the 4 days, only had housekeeping once. We would leave the room at 7:00am, back at 4;00..."
"362" "This was my family's 6th trip to Disney and this was the worst Disney resort we have stayed at!!! Even from the start at check in this hotel lacks the typical Disney greeting we are used to. The rooms are old,gross,and somewhat dirty. The fridge..."
"363" "Buses take forever for this resort.. we waited an hour. Very very nice views, and outdoor fun. Hammocks, pool, playgrounds. Our pirate room was very muggy, had no bathtub, only shower, and always had an oder in bathroom. For a moderate resort our room felt..."
"364" "I recently booked a vacation for a client at this resort. What a mistake!! Upon check-in, their room (and the whole resort) smelled of cigarettes and mold. Fortunately, they were not going to just take a nasty room and were switched to another moderate resort...."
"365" "I'm giving it 2 out of 5 on a \"Disney Scale\". Still a great hotel, just too big. I guess this is relative to your room location, but ours was literally almost a mile away from the main commissary area. This was the first year,..."
"366" "We just returned from staying at this property for a lacrosse tournament in Orlando. This is the worst Disney property that I have ever stayed at. It is very old and the rooms need a serious renovation. Our air conditioner was missing the top of..."
"367" "We booked a room for 2 adults and 3 kids (one that was 2). It showed in the pictures that it came with a pull out for a small child. When we got to the room, there were only 2 queen beds...no pull out. We..."
"368" "Noisy room, food court awful, bad smaller pools (dirty chairs:no towels) late room cleaning, no elevators,limited parking, just plain UGH. Required to stay on property for an ESPN tournament. Will never go back. Sorry Mickey- I'll stay off property if we visit parks again. There..."
"369" "I have stayed at multiple disney resorts and they all have fairly crappy rooms with nice landscaping...but it used to be worth it for the convenience. But this trip was a transportation disaster. I repeatedly waited over 45 minutes for bus transport from resort to..."
"370" "No idea how this hotel can get any good ratings. The first night, bugs were flocking to my computer screen. Room is small and felt dirty with pillows smelling and hairs in bathroom. Housekeeping didn't replenish toilet paper or tissues so always ran out and..."
"371" "This resort was the only hotel available with a discount and now I know why. It was not good, actually the worse Disney hotel I've stayed at.
Our room was ready at 10 am (great) but upon entering the room, it was not properly cleaned...."
"372" "We checked into our hotel at 23h at night with a teen and a toddler. Exhausted, we were told that it would be faster to take our luggage for 4 to our room ourselves than to wait for assistance. So with all of our bags..."
"373" "Not worth the difference in price between value resort and this moderate huge and sprawling resort with double loading of buses to get to where our luggage needed to be in the early morning for our flight The resort offers to pick luggage up but..."
"374" "Understaffed - luggage arrived on time to hotel but could not deliver to rooms due to staffing.
Poor housekeeping - hard surfaces not wiped down, sheets not changed, same dirt on carpets.
Dishonest staff - they were told to tell Customers incorrect information to misdirect..."
"375" "Booked 2 nights at the beach club for myself and my wife. She had fond memories of this place as a kid. The place was nice but overpriced in my opinions.
On a positive note the staff is all very friendly and the location is..."
"376" "First off the price for this moderate Disney hotel is not worth it. We stayed in Jan 2016 and paid $170 for a standard view, which on Orbitz they were charging $140 that I found out after booking direct. Honestly, at $145 I would still..."
"377" "Whomever took our reservation must not have listened to my wife , Cindy, as she explained in great detail what was going to be the make/break points needed by us to go to Disney World. My wife's mobility is limited, so we requested a room..."
"378" "I have stayed at many of the Disney resorts including the Contemporary previously. This trip, the Contemporary was not up to \"Disney standards\" much less the \"Deluxe Resort\" designation that Disney lists this hotel with a price tag to go with it. The bottom line..."
"379" "I love Disney. I grew up coming as a kid and have now come multiple times with my wife and children over the last decade. I have stayed at all three \"monorail\" deluxe resorts over this time and must say that this stay at the..."
"380" "Suffice it to say the room was clean and had a nice view. Club level had good amenities. But the organization of check in was awful. Room not ready until 5 pm (told would be ready by 3pm) which didn't work for 515 pm dinner..."
"381" "I'll leave it short and simple. Had a great breakfast, nice access to the park, staff seemed helpful except the concierge from NY who obviously wanted to be somewhere else that day.
The real kicker is the theft that occurred from the valet service. Wife..."
"382" "I have stayed at many WDW resorts from value, moderate and this trip 2 nights at the Conteporary. The location to the Magic Kingdom was amazing but the transport to EPCOT was very inconvenient when the monorail system was down. I was very disappointed with..."
"383" "The customer service left a lot to be desired. We had asked for 2 rooms next to each other...we had requested an early check in and one room was ready at 1pm the other was not ready until well after 3pm...we went to the front..."
"384" "I like the show Mad Men, but not in reality when I'm on vacation paying close to $600 a night. How this hotel is considered a \"luxury\" by Disney is beyond me. We came to Orlando and spent two nights at the JWMarriott before we..."
"385" "Scheduled bay lake tower, got bay lake view at 700/night rip off. Said would try to fix and nothing happened. Hotel is ok just not what we booked . Would like more truthful advertising next time or discount on room"
"386" "Disney is charging way to much for their hotel properties. We live in SC and my husband and I both work 40+ hours a week and could never afford to stay here. $500 a night is so sad, and I now know why families can..."
"387" "Hi everyone,
This is a very important review for families with small children. We have been travelling around the world for many years and this is the worst hotel ever found. We experienced some situations here that made this stay very unsafe for our kids...."
"388" "Everyone knows that Disney is already expensive. When you stay on the Disney property, you expect more than a motel 6 with a monorail. I am happy that Disney found another way to make a HUGE profit, but please at least provide ammenities commiserate with..."
"389" "We have been annual pass holders for years and my wife and I eat at a Disney resort or park restaurant at least twice per week. It has been harder and harder to get into the Contemporary to eat and this week we were simply..."
"390" "I would have given a much higher rating to my experience with the Disney Contemporary Resort has it not been the undoing of one particularly \"unforgettable\" Guest Experience Personnel by the name of Mariam. To make the long story short, I had our four pieces..."
"391" "My family and I did not enjoy our stay at Disney's Contemporary Resort last weekend. Bell services were not readily available to assist us with our luggage like other deluxe resorts. After visiting the Magic Kingdom Park and dinner at 1900 Park Fare, we went..."
"392" "For the 2 week period, during the day all we could here was drilling, sandblasting. The outside of the hotel was getting painted. We had a river view, but it was more like a building site view. We had no apologise from the hotel, plus..."
"393" "I was staying at Disney’s Contemporary Resort for a conference. I was in the main tower, on the 10th floor in a lake facing room. I’m so glad that I was able to pay the conference rate for this hotel because it’s totally not worth..."
"394" "We stayed on the club floor and waited for over 30 minutes for luggage service and didn't show up. I went out to talk to the reception on the club floor, and got no help neither. We ended up carried all our suitcases down ourselves...."
"395" "The only reason to stay at this hotel is the walking access to the magic kingdom and monorail. Hotel is noisy, bathrooms poorly designed and do not have counter space, housekeeping is substandard, linens are worn and overall, this is not what I expected for..."
"396" "We had picked this place for our family vacation because I had read so many reviews online about how if you had young kids you would want to be close to the park to get back quickly to your room (for naps or for if..."
"397" "My family and I love Disney. My family and I do not at all feel the same about the Disney Contemporary Resort. Yes, it is convenient to the Magic Kingdom and Monorail, but that is about it. Front Desk was great. The rest not so..."
"398" "I stayed here for 4 nights recently and had my own room and I was disappointed. There were a lot of little problems which really shouldn’t have occurred given that this is considered one of the better hotels at WDW.
Some of the problems I..."
"399" "Staying at the Contemporary was on my husbands \"bucket list\" since he's been a kid being on the monorail that goes right through the hotel. So we went there for one night while visiting family. We stayed at the contemporary with Bay Lake view. That..."
"400" "I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. Crazy expensive, poor quality of food in restaurants combined with uninterested service. Not at all magical!! The water coming from the drinking fountains, faucets and showers smells and tastes sulphuric. Everything is very basic in this hotel..."
"401" "I am here now for New Years. Not able to book any dinner reservations even 2 months before at all except for buffet at Albert which was crowded . The place is packed guests who were so rude. I keep the door and gates open..."
"402" "When I booked this dream vacation and decided to stay at Disney's Grand Floridian I thought it would be as amazing as I dreamed it would be. That was not the case at all. We stayed Club Level at the Sugar Loaf Bldg. I thought..."
"403" "Decided to book 1 night at the Grand Floridian for Christmas Eve thinking that it would be magical.
It was the complete opposite, there was a complete lack of Christmas spirit.
I won't go in to it too much as I have tried to contact..."
"404" "We spent half our holiday arguing that they had given us a basic annex room which was not what was described on the website until they finally admitted they were wrong and got money back so full marks for that but it took a lot..."
"405" "We stayed here recently and were totally unimpressed for the price we paid. We found a dirty shirt left in our room. We were misinformed about eating options late at night. The monorail was broken down. The cast seemed uninformed and uninterested."
"406" "The title says it all.
This place is super expensive and offers very little. The lobby and grounds are impressive yes, but who cares?
For $1000 (canadian) a night, I want a spectacular room. I want a good complimentary breakfast. I want entertainment. They offer..."
"407" "It was our first time to stay at the Floridian. Beside of the beauty of the property there was not much to convince me to return. We might have been unlucky but this shouldn't happened at a place like this:
It started first wen we..."
"408" "We are visitors to Disney for 10+ years. Family trips, parks, Disney resorts, non-Disney properties, we have many good memories.
Yet, we could not imagine spending what we did this trip on lodging, dining and park experiences a second time…ever... for the below average experience..."
"409" "We were in a building by itself behind the main one. Smallish building, two floors, entirely club level which means free breakfast, snacks throughout the day and appetizers in the evening. Also free drinks.
First, the cleanliness was not up to par for such a..."
"410" "Save your money! The new GM has implemented cutbacks in both club level lounges. Not a very magical experience anymore. Don't know how they are getting away with it with the high dollar cost of staying there. Very sad to say the least. They need..."
"411" "We have always loved our stays at the Grand Floridian. We stay club level at the RPC or Sugarloaf and never had a complaint. From the moment you walked off the bus and were escorted to the club level floor, the Grand was the epitome..."
"412" "After 60+ plus stays at this resort I can no longer justify staying here. The service has declined to a degree that is egregious by any standard much less for a room at $1000 per night.
This used to be a wonderful resort and still..."
"413" "Like many on here, I opted for this property based on referrals of others. I feel better knowing that I'm not the only one complaining. Seems their reviews have \"lit up\" with frustrations the past few weeks. Something obviously changed. I'm sure they will correct..."
"414" "My family and I recently stayed at the Grand Floridian Resort on the Club Level. Having stayed at many high end resorts I expect the extra money for club level to be worth it, specially when having kids with me. I was highly disappointed by..."
"415" "At this moment I am sitting in my room in the Sugar Loaf in the Grand Floridian. I had to take time to write this review because I am so disappointed that my husband suggested in order to move on from my disappointment that I..."
"416" "My family and I have Disney Annual passholders for many years. We plan 6-8 vacations a year around stays at your resort. We planned a stay at the Grand Floridian because of the great splash pad and water play area for young children. Unfortunately, during..."
"417" "Stayed six nights. Food is below average. One morning our family was served eggs made out of a powdered mix as per the chef. Staff is very matter of fact and not friendly. Housekeeping very very slow. On two occasions it was 8 pm and..."
"418" "If you are allergic to mold you know why so mean. After the sliding doors gives you the welcome, you can smell a terrible mold scent at the main hall.
Went to the room and it was also dust and mold smelling. We asked on..."
"419" "We vacationed at the Grand Floridian Villas. From the moment we arrived there were issues. Because our group is large, we needed two deluxe studios. We had requested that the rooms be side by side or adjacent and were on the first floor because of..."
"420" "The resort is beautifully decorated and very clean. We stayed for a week in mid July primarily because the resort is on the monorail and we were willing to pay the extra to stay here for this \"convenience\". We had awesome housekeeping in Conch Key..."
"421" "I've visited Disney every few years. And I have always been a fan of Disney hotels and the Disney organization. I travel more than twenty times a year on business so I am well aware of whats reasonable to expect in the hospitality world. Sadly..."
"422" "We recently visited Orlando for five day trip with our daughters. First two nights we stayed at the fabulous Four Seasons Resort and then moved for the last two to this so called five star grand resort. I thought that like Disneyland Paris this one..."
"423" "The worst part of Disney is the queues -- this is something you will have to get used to right from the start. Queue for the transfer. Queue for checkin. Queue for the monorail and boat. And you haven't even got to the park yet...."
"424" "As a returning guest at this property, I stayed for three nights to work a Special Event in May 2016. Due to an error made by the Front Desk, I was moved from one room to another during the second day of my stay. My..."
"425" "We've been there twice. This second time, after leaving the hotel, we realized we left some things behind.
We called for them to look out for our stuff, but they told us that they haven't found anything. The room hasn't been occupy and our stuff..."
"426" "Here with the family for a Disney wedding at the pavilion. Our rooms were booked 4 months in advance with 2 requests. One king size bed room and to be as close to main bldg as possible.
At check in we were told no king..."
"427" "My husband, 7 year old daughter and I checked in on a Wednesday afternoon for 5 night stay at the Grand Floridian. We signed up for the full package with a 5 day Park Hopper and the Basic Meal Plan. Approx $9000 from the start...."
"428" "I like to pay for quality accommodation when I travel and until now I have been extremely happy with my choice.
We arrived at the Grand Floridian October 15th for a two week stay. I had booked the vacation as my son was getting married..."
"429" "We stayed at the Villas at Grand Floridian which I guess is another section of the Main hotel. One thing I will give it a 5 star is that it is a beautiful resort and the room is great. But service is poor..
-You can't..."
"430" "We just got back from the Grand Floridian, and we had the worst time ever....
We have been many times in the past and we have had a great experience this time was awful
There was a trip hazard in the bathroom, there is a..."
"431" "Nothing magical about our stay. Room was dirty upon check-in, and for $900 a night, that's unacceptable. Dirty hair covered soap in the shower and half eaten leftovers in the fridge. Had to ask them to change the sheets because it didn't appear they cleaned..."
"432" "The hotel is beautiful. When we went to take a shower the water was brown, we called the front desk they sent an engineer to fix it. There was a hair on the bathroom floor that wasn't mine. I killed a roach in the fridge..."
"433" "We have been Disney Vacation Club members for the past 15 years. Overall it has been a great experience for our family and we have thoroughly enjoyed our vacations and the various disney properties. This being said, i have noticed ( and so have some..."
"434" "We stayed in a deluxe suite for three nights. The room was a decent size, and the furniture was updated, but the rest of the room was in disrepair. The tub filled with water while showering (which maintenance supposedly came out and fixed, but it..."
"435" "Horrible! Absolutely Horrible. We are DVC members and have stayed at all the DVC resorts. This is by far the worst. The resort is seriously in need of a complete remodel. Our room was dirty and outdated. The carpet was coming up, musky smell and..."
"436" "I was here few years ago and it was a different story! We came to run over the weekend ! As we usually do! But the rooms are outdated ! Smell bad and the house keeping service is very lousy !
Next time we are..."
"437" "I can very easily make this review extremely long, but instead let me try to sum it up. HORRIFYING plumbing issues that left poop all over our shower from the other rooms and they did next to nothing about it. No refund, change of room,..."
"438" "First let me start off by saying this was not our first Disney trip (we normally stay at Saratoga Springs and have never had an issue) and I realize that requests made at booking are not guaranteed (again never an issue at SS).
So when..."
"439" "I have visited here 4 times. 2 excellent. 2 disastrous. Difference was I was travelling with my disabled adult daughter. I won't bore you but after the first disaster, which I can hand on heart say ruined our silver wedding family holiday, we eventually received..."
"440" "Cons:
-Rooms were *dirty*: our bathroom was never cleaned, the master bath had skid marks on the bowl...I had hoped it was just a stain and took the scrubber to it only to find it was the remains of someone's trip to the bathroom prior..."
"441" "As DVC members, my husband and I travel to Disney World two or more times each year. Our home resort is Saratoga Springs and we usually stay there. Last year, we purchased in Animal Kingdom and reserved there for September. On my insistence, we booked..."
"442" "We are Disney Vacation Club members and have let things slide over the years but this trip that was hard to do. There is brown smear on the wall beside the toilet, a huge dried booger on one of the closet door frame and last..."
"443" "We stayed at Disney’s Old Key West Resort a day before embarking on our 3-day Disney Bahamian Cruise.
I really hate to complain, I really do but….
Disney’s Old Key West Resort is HUGE. In fact, I would truly only recommend this resort for those..."
"444" "It's 1am, I've called three times for sheets for the pull out bed and still nothing. Would I stay here? , it's fine if you don't plan on sleeping, or if they put a Bed, Bath and Beyond in the parking lot so you could..."
"445" "We have been staying at the Beach Club or Yacht Club for the past 10 years, but I was unable to find availability. I paid $364 per night for a one-room studio at Old Key West, hoping to capture that same beachy Disney magic. But..."
"446" "I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. I've had cleaner rooms and better stays in the moderate and value resorts throughout WDW.
Telling you that this room was dirty does not even come close to the filth that surrounded us. Cobwebs on every inch..."
"447" "This used to be an amazing spot but now the problems start to show.
Rooms are not well cleaned. Carpets are unvaccumed and corners not swept. Furniture had marks from various substances and a few hairs. Housekeeping was not very responsive to concerns. The kitchens..."
"448" "I stayed at the Old Key West resort and I checked in online when I tried to get my room number the person on the phone told me I couldn't have it because the room wasn't clean yet and she was not allowed to give..."
"449" "This DVC resort is not like the others. This was the first DC resort so not the amenities we were used to. The cast member helping us check in informed us were were already assigned a room which had a garden view. I had requested..."
"450" "We spent our Christmas vacation at this resort. Throughout the years we've been at 3 other Disney hotels/resorts, but this time we wanted more of a resort feeling than a hotel for our toddler, so we decided on this one, also based on the amenities..."
"451" "This year we did a split stay with two nights at pop century and two nights at old Key West. Since this is a large step up from pop century, I was really looking forward to our stay here. However, it was not enjoyable. We..."
"452" "I booked this trip for my husband, mother and myself for Christmas. We have been DVC members for the past 10 years. This has been the least magical experience we have ever had at Disney. We will never stay at Old Key West Resort again!..."
"453" "Our family of five checked out today after an 8 night stay in a one bedroom villa during the Christmas Holiday. We are not Disney Vacation Club members but have stayed in other DVC resort villas. We were less than impressed with Disney's Old Key..."
"454" "Although the units themselves were charming to look at and roomy, the cleanliness, availability of help, ease of use, and service were beyond awful. The room was dirty when we checked in (pubic hair on the toilet seat, hair hanging from the dryer, dirty socks..."
"455" "Yuk. What can I say? I have waited my entire life to stay at this resort. The upside?location, view of fireworks, monorail and pool. That's it. The hotel is run down and dingy. It's filthy. The furniture has stains on it. Floors aren't mopped. Carpets..."
"456" "Here is the rub, the property is spectacular, staff are outstanding, great location... Now the issue, the property is on a \"lake\" there are 2 boats that zip across the water about every 10 minutes, but when they come to the loading area they blow..."
"457" "We were here in March 2015. We had a bad last few days here. We contacted the manager about our issues and he gave us two nights free the next time we came. Against my better judgement we came in January 2016 for my wife's..."
"458" "Every morning so far, we are awakened by maintenance crews. Monday--the sand Zamboni at dawn. Tuesday--Leaf blower under the balcony at 8. Wednesday--Leaf blowers, power augers, industrial water spray truck starting a bit before 8. This equipment is LOUD! You see, THEY tell YOU when..."
"459" "Checked in at 4:30p today we are staying 4 nights. The front desk was very nice. Once we arrived in the room noticed that it had not been vacuumed in a very long time. Obvious food crumbs on the floor, other peoples hair, & clothing..."
"460" "I stayed at Disney thinking it would make things easier while at the parks the timing was in September when most children were attending school. I was a few weeks away from knee replacement surgery and requested a handicapped room . That did not happen,..."
"461" "We have stayed here 3 times and I'm not sure I will spend the money again. We stayed in a Studio this time which was nice with convenient location to everything but the service at the hotel is really declining. First, don't count on luxurious..."
"462" "I'm a DVC member with my home resort at Aulani in Oahu. While I stayed at Old Key West in Orlando recently, I decided to stop over at the Polynesian Resort minutes away. OMG. Good luck finding a place to park! When we finally did,..."
"463" "I should have read the reviews before booking here. It was a last minute plan and apparently this was the only hotel with vacancy. I will never stay here again. The hotel is tired looking and the staff not helpful, except the housekeeper.
Accommodations were..."
"464" "Don't waste your $ on the new Bungalows at Disney's Polynesian. We have stayed in other high end suites at the Polynesian, and have had great experiences! We assumed trying the new bungalows would have provided at least the same great experiences. We were wrong...."
"465" "I would never stay here again even if it were free. We had a drip sound in the ceiling of our bathroom. We called when we checked in to our room and there was no fix when we returned to our room on Monday. I..."
"466" "$5k trip only to be turned away at dinner several times after making reservations with no help from staff with young family in tow. Save your money grab an all Inclusive trip somewhere skip over the Racket. If it's worth doing its worth doing well...."
"467" "The resort itself was okay. Decent pool, room was decent as well. The service is what will keep me from booking here again. Our room was not available at check it time. We did online check in so we were able to go right to..."
"468" "My wife and I stayed for a couple of days to be with our daughter and her family. The experience at the hotel was very good. The only little problem was a lack of free parking in part due to a number of vehicles at..."
"469" "Terrible experience. No help with our bags when we checked in. We were not provided with the room type requested. When trying to find our room we had to carry all of our bags around in circles because there is no labelling or signs -..."
"470" "We stayed at the Club Level in April 2016 for one week. Having stayed at the Club Level at other Disney properties, I can say that the Polynesian is well below-average in customer service. I have never had a bad Cast Member experience at any..."
"471" "I loved the location, our room and most things about this resort hotel, but the food was horrible. I have had better food on an airplane and just about anywhere than here. From the quick serve (captain cooks) to the casual dining (Kona Cafe) to..."
"472" "Said at The Polynesian Village Resort from Sunday, May 8 to May 14, a total of six nights. On two separate days, housekeeping failed to do anything although we were out of the room for at least 5 hours and I removed the Privacy Sign..."
"473" "The room is not a five star resort.
No robes
No slippers
No qtips
No cotton balls
Terrible coffee worst ever, and I even ordered room service coffee.
Dirty patio cobwebs, we did not sit outside. I tipped the maid 10.00 in hopes to come..."
"474" "4 nights for a single were more than $1,600. For that I got lockout 4 times when my magic bracelet failed to work. My daughter's bracelet failed 8 times. We were not on a Disney Meal Plan so by the time we could make reservations..."
"475" "Big family vacation with many special birthdays to celebrate and we walked into the new Bora Bora bungalow and were greeted by large water bugs in the living room and bathroom.
Loud horns from the ferry boats starting at 7:00am and ending around midnight
The..."
"476" "This was supposed to be my fatherinlaw's very special 91 st birthday celebration. I paid extra for special seating and instead our party of 3 was seated almost near the right side entry door far from the stage.
Food consisting of wet salad, mixed vegetables..."
"477" "Recently stayed at the Polynesian on our trip to Disney with our extended family, booking two club level rooms. Had stayed here years ago and enjoyed it, but this time around we were so very disappointed. The club level service was just horrendous.
Captain Cooke's,..."
"478" "For the last 18 years, I have spent more than six months per year living in hotels good, bad and ugly across Africa, Asia, Europe, and North and South America. In all of that time I have never posted a review to Trip Advisor.
Our..."
"479" "The outside of the property is well maintained as is the lobby.
The rooms however aren't very clean at all.
The front desk clerks are amazing! Extremely nice and helpful
It is Disney so it's over priced
The room we stayed in had partial hardwood..."
"480" "We have been to Disney 3 times before (this is our 4th trip) so I have plenty to compare to. I thought sure this resort would have the \"wow\" factor as all of the others did, but it is a BIG disappointment. I wish I..."
"481" "Huge Disney fans with a lot of DVC points. Used the equivalent of $20k to stay at a Bora Bora Bungalow at the Polynesian resort. Nice room but the lack of planning make this a resort I'll never stay in again. Too much noise from..."
"482" "We stayed 7/31-8/6 at a club level room at the Polynesian Hotel. Having several flight delays we didn't arrive until 6am the next morning of our arrival date. We did the online check in so we just went directly to our room, which was really..."
"483" "My husband & I booked a last minute trip to Disney World. There were few options left from the on-site Disney resort hotels. I'd stayed at The Contemporary before on a club level and it was great but there weren't any rooms available at that..."
"484" "Just came back from a 4 day weekend with husband and 2 year old. We booked Polynesian, first and foremost, for its centrality to the parks. This part of the hotel experience can't be beat. Friends had recently stayed at Grand Floridian and had issues..."
"485" "I am a frequent Wdw visitor and have stayed at many of their resorts. I had looked forward to my first stay here but I have to say I was very disappointed with the Polynesian. The grounds are beautiful however the room was very dated..."
"486" "Unless all you are looking for is free cookies, Coke and Sprite, please do not book club level. I can't tell you how disappointed I was with our club level experience. I am giving it a one, not because the property itself is a one..."
"487" "Stayed 3 nights late October. The units are new and clean, and you have a great view of the nightly fireworks at the Magic Kingdom. That's the only good I can think of. Now the bad, the lighting in the units is terrible, especially in..."
"488" "Before arriving for our week long family vacation our travel agent requested a particular building for our stay, we also requested it during the online check in process and faxed a request five days prior to our arrival...we were not accommodated at all, instead, we..."
"489" "Worst hotel i have stayed in at disney. Room was nothing of disney quality. Our balcony view was a street. Lobby was pretty and pool was nice. Thats about it. Very disappointing 1st disney trip for my child."
"490" "I have brought my family to this resort since the 70's. All I can say is we won't be back. And I am a DVC at another resort that uses this hotel when I am out of points. We came for the Christmeas experience and..."
"491" "I almost wrote a review when we had such a terrible visit last year (we were here the same dates last year for the same son's birthday), but I truly do not like giving unfavorable reviews unless they're warranted. Plus, everyone has an off weekend/week..."
"492" "We had low expectations. They were met. The rooms would merit a $50.00 charge after pulling off the highway in the middle of the night. Not the $250.00 per night room rate where you are so isolated from other restaurants, etc. you are also forced..."
"493" "This is my third time staying on this property, and the 10th time we have stayed at Disney in 9 years. I have to say it was the least magical trip of all. This hotel is in dire need of a reno - the carpets..."
"494" "I stayed in Motel 6s in the 70s. They were much better than this joint. Sort of clean. Cramped. Noisy,. Spartan. And no bargain. The only benefit is the shuttle. The first and last time at this facility."
"495" "Disney has changed a lot not all good either. As for Pop I would not bother paying for the preferred rooms. We came last year did not pay for a preferred but got what we asked for, this time we payed for preferred because we..."
"496" "After checking in, we found our room with used AA batteries in the room, bobby pins on the floor, and pubic hairs in the dresser. Room smelled of foot odor. Beds were made. Clear signs that room was cleaned with little effort. Called management and..."
"497" "Despite having visited Disneyworld MANY times over the years with my 4 children, this is the FIRST time I have ever stayed at a Disney hotel. I am attending a conference that I have attended many times. It is a very large conference so many..."
"498" "They charge over $160 a night but you cannot
get roomservice, or coffee in your room.
You want shower gel or real conditioner, forget it.
The sound of thunder rolls through the concrete halls
as guests leave with roller boards.
The constant noise is echoing..."
"499" "we stayed here a year ago originally for a few nights and had a great trip...no complaints..until we stayed this past October
first off the absence of \"clean\" in the bathroom..
my second issue is the smoking section should not be where you have to..."
"500" "This hotel would be great for large groups of kids/teenagers as it has lower prices and cafeteria style dining. For my taste, it was too low budget. The rooms open up to the outside and the noise level is very high because of people walking..."
"501" "We will not stay here again. When you go on Disney's \"value\" it seems like they do barely what's necessary to keep the rooms livable. With that being said are room at check in was dirty and we had to make multiple request to have..."
"502" "I was overcharged by one nights stay, for which I am still trying to sort out after 3 emails and 3 conversations with the reception desk and customer service. I arrived at 3am and was sent on my merry way by the reception desk to..."
"503" "This is definitely a budget motel. Very few amenities. No coffee maker in the room. Only a cafeteria style food court. No sit down restaurant with waitress service. No room service. The room was adequate, had a definite chemical smell when I first got there."
"504" "The thinnest blanket I've ever seen. No coffee pot, stanky smell, dirty moldy shower. The cafeteria is so packed there is no seating and they have nasty service with an attitude. I guess Disney justifies this cheap motel by calling it \"value.\" the grounds are..."
"505" "Front desk staff is totally inexperienced (girl that checked us in had been @ food service the week before) - Concierge is equally unqualified. The theme of the place is retro 50 - 60 - 70s, except that's actually the type room you'll end up..."
"506" "We have visited Disney every year for the past twenty years. We travel with a group of about 20. We decided to try Pop Century last year and were a little disappointed, but went ahead and booked it again. I planned everything in August for..."
"507" "Check in went well, almost. As dining plan holders we went to get our mugs (limited choices, not all in stock) and then our bands weren't active. Back to the counter and the man assisting spent a ton of time trying to link everything for..."
"508" "We should have been warned of all the 15's and other groups of cheerleaders that would be at this resort during our stay. They go everywhere as a very large group, so plan on extra hours of waiting for a bus if they are in..."
"509" "We started our vacation with a few days at Universal - stayed at universals 'value' hotel Cabana Bay - that hotel was a moderate compared to this one - we were so disappointed walking into this room from just staying at CB - rooms are..."
"510" "This resort is beginning to show it's age, or the competition has really outclassed it in the \"value\" category. Stayed 2 nights in room 1439, on the 4th floor of building 1. There was literally a hole in the wall, ok call it a deep..."
"511" "My partner and I stayed here for 1 night in between a villa to hotel swap as our hotel other was full for that night.
I stayed here in 2005 and remember nothing but good things about it so I said myself that we should..."
"512" "I feel bad rating anything Disney at 2 stars but this is my honest rating if this hotel. I know it's a budget hotel and we only stayed one night but compared to any of the other Disney hotels this one was very poor. The..."
"513" "To say that Disney owns this \"resort\" is a shame. The outside is really cute, but that's the only thing I have to say for this motel. It's very similar to a motel 6 because it's just the bare bones minimum in the rooms. I..."
"514" "When Disney says \"value\" resort, they do not mean more bang for your buck. They mean motel 6, with Disney's name on it. To call this property a resort is a grand glorification of what this place really is. I did check for bedbugs and..."
"515" "WE traveled as part of a group who was participating in a athletic event at the ESPN Wide World of Sports and because of group rate we chose this resort. WE have been visiting Disney World for many years and have stayed at most of..."
"516" "-Upon Check-in, the hotel had no record of my reservations. I showed them my printed copy, they said this happens frequently, sorry, nothing they can do. I need to call and get my money back and make alternate arrangements.
-I ask to speak to a..."
"517" "My husband and I are Disney pass holders and have stayed at many hotels on Disney property. We chose this property because we have never stayed here. I do not think we will return.
The room look older and not in the shape you expect..."
"518" "We stayed at this hotel from Sun-Wed. 50s-building 2. Bottom floor on left.
We arrived at 6ish, bags arrived around 10(used express bus). While waiting for bags, I checked beds (I always do this after wiping down all surfaces and putting remotes in ziplock bags)...."
"519" "The price was right when I made my reservations so, \"how can you go wrong with Disney,\" I thought. My first issue came when we parked at the hotel, or should I say, near the hotel. Signage is lacking to get you to the parking..."
"520" "Read reviews prior to leaving and thought, \"a Disney property can't possibly be that bad.\" I was wrong!! I was charged $195/night plus taxes for a larger (handicap accessible) room that was, literally, 12' x 17' in it's entirety! That's the size of a standard..."
"521" "Normally I have favorable things to say whenever I stay anywhere and this is our first less than stellar experience.
We have stayed in all but two of the Disney Hotels so we know Disney and Pop Century should not be counted as a choice..."
"522" "I walked in to the room and this is what l found in the bathroom
Absolutely unacceptable.
I complained to administration but they did not care to much. ( except
David)
Sounds to me that this incident happen often there, administration
Did not look surprise..."
"523" "We've stayed at the Pop Century a LOT, but not in some time so it could be just a one off. I'd estimate at least 5-6 prior stays at POP, all of which were great! But this time, 2 glaring things got under my skin..."
"524" "I guess we should have lowered our expectations for this hotel being that it was considered a \"Value hotel\" in the tiers of hotels for Disney. However, we thought that we still paid a decent amount of money for the hotel stay and thought that..."
"525" "I have taken the family to Disney World for March break for the past 4 years. We stayed at Pop Century in 2013, All Star Movies in 2014 and All Star Music in 2015. Back in 2013 we had a very good stay, and since..."
"526" "We stayed here for your typical family trip to Disney. We planned this about 4 months in advance (which is apparently not enough time). We booked three rooms with three different families and requested all rooms next to each other. Low and behold, our room..."
"527" "Checking in was ok. The room was suppose to be a standard room. I asked when I made the reservation if the room came with a fridge and microwave and I was told it did. When we got into the room the air was on..."
"528" "Just ok. Rooms are showing their age. Took almost an hour to get extra blankets. No coffee maker or microwave in room. There was a fridge in my room. Little or no phone service, wi-fi not much better. We were on the ground floor, very..."
"529" "Considering this was a Disney Value level resort, and having stayed at their All Star Resorts many times in the past, I thought I knew what I was in for, but I was wrong. While this is a \"Value\" level resort on Disney property, you..."
"530" "I can't believe Disney, who is protective of their branding and prides themselves on customer service, would ever put their name on a dump like this. First of all, \"resort\" is VERY misleading. It's dirty, old, and a motel with an m; as in doors..."
"531" "My son just went there with his band and he said that the rooms and beds were extremely small. He also said that there were tons of mosquitos in the rooms and that the breakfast was awful. He said the rooms opened from the outside..."
"532" "The resort needs to pay more attention to housekeeping. Floor was soaking wet in front of the frig. Pulled down the bed sheet and found red something on them. Rest of the floor badly stained. If you eat at all heather then forget the only..."
"533" "Our first impressions of the resort were quite favourable. The check in staff were very friendly, helpful and there was definitely no shortage of staff.
Rooms are very basic and left us somewhat disappointed. The bedding was cheap, bathroom out of date (however clean), carpet..."
"534" "Gnats!!!!!! Everywhere by our toothbrushes, mugs, and pillows. They are harmless, and in Disney's defense I saw exterminators several times during our stay.
We called the first day, and they sent someone up. Then we had dead gnats. We just decided to live along side..."
"535" "Stayed here with my family for four days and had a bad experience. Very bad staff, cold, unfriendly. Very ordinary, uncomfortable rooms. Pathetic food (court) with very limited options and bad value for money. Only burgers and pizzas. They could have had multi cuisine options..."
"536" "I brought my 3 teens and booked two rooms. We were ground floor, adjoining, preferred facing pool on the laundry room side. Both of our rooms were filthy with multiple housekeeping and maintenance issues. We were there for a long week+ and addressed the issues..."
"537" "Gnats swam your room every time the door is opened. When you walk down the hall you will notice that the bugs are all over the lights by each door. When you walk in your room you can smell the bug spray and see the..."
"538" "We arrived for our family vacation and the room was supposed to be ready, as we did early check in. We had to wait almost 30 minutes for a room. When you have a 3 year old with you, waiting is not in their vocabulary...."
"539" "Maybe there is a lake nearby, so there is flies in the room. They don't bite you but it is annoying. If you really need to pick this resort, my opinion is going winter only. I prefer all star resort unless you don't have car..."
"540" "Got into the room and it was not clean the toilet was dirty you could see somebody had used it and there were hairs on the back of the toilet and hairs in the tub. And then we try to take a bath a hot..."
"541" "Outside of resort is fantastic. Once you get into rooms things change. They are very worn and not cleaned well. Air conditioner did not work well . After taking the cover off it the filter was horrible and the unit inside was full of mold!..."
"542" "We had a late flight in and needed a place to crash before checking into the Polynesian the next day. This place was okay, I would not stay here for more than one night though. The grounds are actually okay and well maintained. But the..."
"543" "Our second trip in 5 months no hot water. We came to Pop Century in December no hot water okay we'll get it fixed. Next day no hot water no sound suspicious okay we'll get it fixed no hot water. Finally hot water. 5 months..."
"544" "In America you have the freedom to choose . If you value your well-being, and life in general, exercise that right to choose by choosing to stay somewhere else .
While I greatly admire the Disney Corp and its reputation for impeccable customer service, I..."
"545" "We are currently at Disney. Checked in today. Ahead of the trip, we paid for UPS guaranteed delivery of a package of birthday gifts to the hotel. The package arrived at 2:00 yet we don't have it. Disney should have left it at the front..."
"546" "Let me starts by saying I'm not a picky person. I want my room to be clean and fresh.
My room smelled like dampness and humidity. I guess that's expected when you are in Florida but why on earth would they have such an ugly..."
"547" "We decided to extend our Disney vacation and booked one night at Pop Century. It's a value resort and I know the amenities would be downgraded from the resort we were moving from. The lobby was large, bright and cheery. The cast member that checked..."
"548" "We travel to Walt Disney World multiple times a year and have stayed at various Walt Disney World resorts, at all levels. I have to say that I was very disappointed in Disney's Pop Century Resort. I understand that this is a value resort and..."
"549" "The only plus of this hotel was being near the parks for a close drive and being able to use extra Magic hours. Super small, depressing rooms with no decor except 1 old faded Disney poster. The housekeeping did do a good job and the..."
"550" "I've stayed at this hotel numerous times. The rooms are clean, beds are not comfortable at all, and it does get cold in the room the blankets are thin and do not cover you enough. This hotel can be a bit pricey for what you..."
"551" "The room was very plain, nothing about it felt Disney. There were TONS of gnats in my room, I found them on the ceiling, which then I would find on my bed, they were on the curtains and there were dead ones in my rooms..."
"552" "I Love Disney, usually stay at moderate and above. Decided to give a value resort a try. This was a mistake. This place is a Dump. Complained to front desk and got a 35 dollar credit. Never again. Stay in moderate or above or you'll..."
"553" "At first glance our room was clean, though nothing spectacular. We returned from the Magic Kingdom at midnight our first night to find our room infested with gnats! They covered the ceiling and the drapes. Went to the front desk to complain and they said..."
"554" "We stayed at week at Pop Century there were gnats all over the room. They were on the ceiling and all over the bed. We went to Magic Kingdom for extra magic hours upon our return we saw a rat near pool YUCK!!!! Not pleased..."
"555" "my first Disney resort and I have learned my lesson that even Disney can disappoint,this hotel is great looking outside and has its pro's the rooms are clean and landscape is beautiful but mostly just a basic hotel with Disney prices,the rooms have no theme..."
"556" "Firstly, the best thing about the resort was the service at check-in and the concierge service and the bus service. If it had not been for the bus service to the parks, we would definitely would have stayed at a Hampton Inn, which is infinitely..."
"557" "We've stayed here for years with our family, and it was by far our favorite Disney resort property. We recently stayed here for a long weekend trip, and looked forward to visiting our 'home' away from home.
Our check in process was riddled with issues...."
"558" "Room had leaky tub. Missing Ironing board, laundry bag, suitcase stand. It also could be cleaner. We found at least one bug. Carpet in particular was stained. Basically, when Disney built this for value guests, it was good. Now you have a dressed-up motel six..."
"559" "Pros - the grounds are adorable with giant Mr. & Mrs. Potato Head, Rubik's Cube, Big Wheel etc... All of the front desk and gift shop staff I spoke to were very kind and helpful. When one of the light fixtures went out over the..."
"560" "Stayed here for a long weekend to attend an event in the area. We had checked in online several weeks ago and requested a room near the main building for access to transportation and food. Got a call from the hotel a week before to..."
"561" "The swimming pool was super hot. And there was no drink service at the pool. There was also no towels at the pool, I had to take the towels from the room. I had to go to the bar near the pool and order my..."
"562" "We stayed for 4 nights while doing the Disney Parks. The onsite restaurant left alot to wish for, yet they charge you megabucks! $ 1.99 for a banana!?! Only good thing was the breakfast omelette. Try finding a restaurant off premises!"
"563" "So perhaps you might be considering Disney's Pop century for the more reasonable pricing compared to the seemingly outrageous night rates of some of the other \"Deluxe hotels\". However I still don't now that I would recommend Pop Century. The rooms are clean yes every..."
"564" "Title says it all! Besides being convenient for bus shuttle to get to the parks, we will stay outside the complex when we visit again. The walls are paper thin, rooms are plain with no real disney feel at all, decor is older and cleanliness..."
"565" "1. small room with 2 full size beds that are very uncomfortable. Pillows are super stiff. Bring your own pillows!!!!
2. small bathroom - fresh towels always provided, only provided 2 small soaps and 1 shampoo (for a family of 4)
3. small fridge no..."
"566" "Awful! We've stayed in Disney countless times and would never come back here. Not worth the savings-go to the all stars! Unclean, smokers everywhere, annoying groups that kept us up all night and when we complained staff said they would \"send security\" but never did...."
"567" "Stayed here and All Star Sports, Sports was far better. Room we were provided was really old, carpets and draperies were worn, really disappointing given the price one pays for staying at even an economy level Disney property. I would not recommend, there are other..."
"568" "Upon arrival I tried to secure a luggage cart, and the employees were very rude. The resort itself was less than impressive. The food was incredibly over priced and mediocre at best.
I tried to extend my stay by one day, because my son was..."
"569" "This is my first time ever feeling like Disney World ripped me off. I go to Disney every year for our family vacation. This time we choose Pop Century, that was a bad idea. First when we got there they put my credit card on..."
"570" "Stayed for one night in June. Waited a half an hour in line to get checked in and the staff was rude.. Got to our room and it reeked of smoke smell. I contacted the front desk and we were moved to another room a..."
"571" "\"The palmetto bugs are really clean bugs\". This is what Disney Pop Century staff told me when I brought a live nearly two inch black bug that I had captured in the bathroom garbage bag and brought to the front desk sometime between 3 and..."
"572" "Driving into this property got my partner and I super excited for what was to come, the nostalgic theme of the signs as you approach security gate was life driving into the past, the main lobby was setting us up for something epic. The buildings..."
"573" "So, Pop century has some of Disney'so best cast members. Nina, at the front desk is so good at what she does, is so helpful and accommodating it's remarkable. The resort is HUGE if there were elevators on property, we couldn't find them. Because the..."
"574" "We stayed at the Pop Century during July 2016 along with 300 hundred South American students full of sugar and first time away from home !! Only result possible is kids running from room to room until 2am in the morning. Not a good thing..."
"575" "I stayed here on a previous visit and thought it was a fun time. The people were kind, etc. The location was as good as any other Disney property. The condition of the grounds was sad this time - for at least a day, there..."
"576" "We have stayed at Disney several times over the years and Pop was always our favorite. Not anymore, sadly. The room was dirty, staff in the food court was down right rude. No Disney magic here. I tried to inform the front desk and they..."
"577" "We have stayed at several Disney resorts over the past 6-7 years with going there 1-2 times a year and always had wonderful service and housekeeping until this visit. Normally its just my husband and myself or my 70 year old mother may go with..."
"578" "They have a movie by the pool at night for the kids. We are staying at Disney art of animation hotel and came over for movie. They give free popcorn, but they have only one flavor. The movie is 830pm. We got here and no..."
"579" "This \"resort\" is definitely at the forefront of Disney's efforts to exploit the family with a modest budget. I was marooned here for 2 nights, and enjoyed not one thing about it.
Check in line was long, and once I got my room I was..."
"580" "Let me begin by saying that I am aware that this is a value resort, I am by no means a snooty person in terms of where I stay or have overly high expectations. I had done my research on the Pop Century resort through..."
"581" "Pretty plain Jane hotel not anything you'd expect from Disney. If you're handicapped your going to find this a very difficult stay. The place provides a few handicap parking spaces but be advised its a long trip from your parking spot to your room. That's..."
"582" "First let me start by saying I had read many reviews and was hesitant about booking but decided to try the resort out anyways at the last min. I have been to Disney several times but this was our first staying in a value resort..."
"583" "to start out our room was located so far away from everything! I'm not sure what changed from the prior visit we had here 4 yrs prior! the large amount of groups were loud,annoying and I'm not sure if there was much adult supervision! the..."
"584" "Having stayed at Disney's Art of Animation for 5 days (separate review on AOA) before staying 2 nights at Pop Century, rooms and bathrooms are a huge disappointment.
Yes, whilst the theme is the 50,60 & 70's, the rooms are tired and more so the..."
"585" "I have visited this hotel many times in the past. This last time was during hurricane Matthew. While I will say that the hotel kept its guests safe, it was the extra guests that pretty much upset me. While I understand they had to evacuate..."
"586" "I thought, based on the reviews, that this would be a nice little hotel, with some fun Disney touches. It's not. It's an incredibly simple MOTEL. Like the ones you see advertised for $29 on TV ads.
The carpet has no pad, so it's thin..."
"587" "For this property to be part of the \"happiest place on Earth...\" it needs some work. All you hear at the front desk is excuses and it literally takes an hour for any simple task. Trying to do anything with a small child is difficult..."
"588" "We have stayed at All-Star Movies twice (2014 & 2015) and loved it. Even though ASMovies is value the staff have always gone above and beyond. We have not seen that at Pop, also value. This year we were booked for AoA LM on our..."
"589" "This was my first trip to Disney and we stayed at Pop Century resort. We advised a late check in, which was fine. We arrived at about 10:30PM after a long day coming off a cruise and going to the Magic Kingdom. They put us..."
"590" "This resort is absolutely awful. My husband and I requested a preferred room on the top floor, simply because we wanted quiet. We got 2nd floor. We heard everything from both sides and above us. The party that was above us was up all night...."
"591" "My husband and I bring our kids to Disney many times a year. We usually stay at The Springhill Inn and Suites,but we thought we would try staying on property this trip. We decided on Pop Century because it was reasonably priced.
The hotel was..."
"592" "We recently stayed 4 nights at this property. We were there for a wedding at another venue. This place is in dire need of an update. Rooms are small and dated. However, you get what you paid for. Would not ever entertain coming back."
"593" "We didn't spend much time in the room as expected. However, when trying to sleep in the morning. The lawn crew started somewhere between 7 and 8am. Blowing the court yard area off near the 80's building. Scared my 3 year old half to death...."
"594" "It had been about 10 years since my last stay at Pop. We spent 4 nights here during \"jersey week.\" Yes it was packed, but I knew that going into it. It was just me and my 2 girls, ages 8 and 13. This hotel..."
"595" "Should I expect a Disney property to be as good as it was when it first opened? If it's Disney, yes! This was way below Disney standards in my opinion. The beds were hard, small and the bathroom tub and tiles very worn. A really..."
"596" "I stayed at Pop Century for 2 nights this weekend for a few nights post-cruise and a quick Disney fix. I had previously stayed at Pop Century 4 years ago and had enjoyed my stay at that time. I was well aware that this is..."
"597" "Recently stayed a night at Pop Century. Walked into the room and should have left after seeing the beds; both were sagging in the middle. They were not even double size, so impossible for two to sleep on one bed. The beds squeaked every time..."
"598" "Pop Century Resort’s theme is a fun one, and the shadowbox timeline of relics from each of the decades from the ‘50s to the ‘90s featured on the wall in the reception area/lobby is probably the best thing Pop Century has going for it. Once..."
"599" "On a recent trip to Disney World in Oct/Nov 2016, we had booked our resort through Disney's Pop Century Resort. When you go into the front lobby to check in, you look and say to self \" Not Bad \". But when you arrive at..."
"600" "Orginal was booked to stay at all star sports resort, 9 months before trip. When arrived, they were over booked and offered to move us to pop centruy.
We landed in orlando around 2:30. Took us about 1.5 to wait at magical express, even though..."
"601" "My family of 5 just got back this week from Pop Century. We were part of a larger group and did not have a choice in where we stayed. I read many of the reviews before we went and they were 50/50. Which made me..."
"602" "My daughter and I stayed here from November 29-December 7. Our room was ready before we arrived. I requested 4th floor 70s and got 1st floor 50s. One of our outlets did nit work and the phone needed to be hand held to the jack..."
"603" "We walked into our room and fruit chews covered the floor, mold in bathroom vents and baseboards with a 1\" of crud we ask the front desk twice they told us they would do a deep cleaning. Came back to room still fruit chews on..."
"604" "Overall experience for Room #220. I would avoid this hotel in the future.
pros:
Disney transportation to parks
Magic hours to parks
Fun theme for the kids throughout the resort
Easily accessible food court but fairly expensive
Easy parking and close proximity to all Disney..."
"605" "We stayed here for one night after deciding to stay an extra day. We were at Wilderness Lodge but they did not have another night available so we stayed at Pop Century. The line to check in took forever and our room was not cleaned..."
"606" "We apparently misunderstood the security person at the front gate's instructions about check in parking. Pulled up to an ample entryway and were run off by the Bell Captain who told us we couldn't park there for check in. Went downhill from there. To sum..."
"607" "Very disappointed with this visit! Checked in by TERESA from Gainesville FL. Very impolite! Missed our dinner reservation because of her even after we kept on telling her we are running late! I guess one bad impression ruins everything. Despite her, rooms were nice and..."
"608" "So the title says it all in a nutshell but I will lay it out a bit more.
1. This was actually in 2014 (sorry it won't let us go back that far) in Winter time
2. We actually paid for a room with a..."
"609" "My 3 sons and I stayed here for three nights in March 2016 following a week at Saratoga Springs. We were in building 7 which was the furthest from the lobby and pool. It is not a huge resort but I would have preferred to..."
"610" "We paid extra for a \"River View\" room and were given a room near the parking lot. I paid almost $20/night for the view and was extremely frustrated when they continuously made excuses and told me that there is never a guarantee on your view!..."
"611" "Really disappointed with this hotel. Did not expect deluxe standard, had gone for a moderate hotel, thinking we wouldn't be in the room much, but the whole hotel would be a little better than the economy ones without being overly expensive. Was still a significant..."
"612" "I had come as a child to this resort. As we were making our plans we had picked the less expensive like the sports resort. We ended up \"upgrading\" to Port Orleans because it had been renovated since I was last here and our travel..."
"613" "Unfriendny staff and dirty rooms
Dont book this hotel it is 100 pct waste of money
Susanne who checked us in was the worst hotel staff we ever have meet
Choose another Disney hotel or even better not a Disney hotel
..........................."
"614" "Unfortunately, I transferred from the Grand Floridian to this hotel so my expectations were high. Still, the Holiday Inn Express is a lot nicer than this hotel. The floors were dirty, a lightbulb was out, the curtain (curtain?) separating the bathroom was coming off and..."
"615" "This was my wife's first ever trip to Disney World and we were told that the French Quarter hotel was \"one of the best\" by our travel agent (AAA). I was inclined to believe them and didn't read a single review - glad I didn't,..."
"616" "We stayed on property because people insisted it would be easier... Very disappointing. I've never stayed anywhere with rude staff before and I travel up to 20 times a year for work and fun. It became almost a game to see what the next staff..."
"617" "I have stayed on Disney property several times in the past few years and I have to say in general my experience this time was not up to snuff. The rooms at Disney hotels in general are not great so I thought instead of staying..."
"618" "Dining area currently being redone and the temporary dining room and dining selections are poor, at best. There is not enough room to comfortably eat and the lines are endless because there are only two cashiers. There are just three drink machines and they are..."
"619" "First time staying at Disney \"on property\". Clean, safe, boring. Bus transportation was a NIGHTMARE. Do yourself a favor. Splurge and stay closer to the parks. Or better yet, go spend the money in NOLA, where at least you get an authentic experience. Rooms were..."
"620" "If you are used to clogged sinks, springy painful beds, and loud, rattling AC units waking you up all night... stay here. If you are like myself and wish to stay close to Disney, yet would like a nice bed and a good nights sleep--STAY..."
"621" "I have stayed at Disney resorts many times- from moderates to deluxe. This experience by far has been the worst. First impressions count, and that is when we ran into the housekeeping staff in an elevator full of smelly garbage bags. We went to put..."
"622" "First off you stay in a Disney resort you expect some Mickey Mouse in the room but there was none, a disappointment to us. The beds were so uncomfortable that we did not get a good night sleep the entire visit. We had maintenance waking..."
"623" "Loved our stay at the hotel , very helpful staff and beautifully maintained property
Our only gripe was that our room was a little far from bus stop especially if you are walking at 10pm after a whole day of Disney park walking ."
"624" "We regularly travel to Disney at least once or twice a year and have stayed at various resorts---Boardwalk, Animal Kingdom, and most recently Beach Club. We did a split stay over 7 days; the first half of the stay was in a Royal Room in..."
"625" "Pros: the grounds are very appealing, during the day. plantation style decor, winding walkways, lush flora, very southern feeling. Cons: at night, however, it's very scary. there is little to no lighting, you honestly feel like you're lost out in a dark swamp. it didnt..."
"626" "We spent 10 nights at Port Orleans Riverside in one of the Magnolia Bend Mansion Room's in December 2015.
The positives:
Parking was close to our room
Quieter pools close to each building is nice
Food hall was OK for a quick meal
The Negatives:..."
"627" "I spent a few days at Port Orleans Resort last Spring and it was a terrible experience in many ways.
On my family's last night we became violently ill after eating at a restaurant at Magic Kingdom.
I called the front desk at Port Orleans..."
"628" "I could have been happier with the place, even the looong walk to the bus and lodge/restauraunts...but rating is a 2 because the staff outside at the gate and at the lobby entrance when we checked in the first day and when we walked in..."
"629" "Would never want to stay at this hotel again.
1. The room was very small considering the cost. Nowhere to put luggage except on top of the cabinet for hanging clothes.
2. No comfortable chair to sit in. Only 2 arm chairs for the table...."
"630" "This was our first trip to Disney and it was great. But the hotel was a real downer. It's gorgeous and I love the river, but there were too many other issues. For a place that wants to emulate Port Orleans, they really lacked southern..."
"631" "I booked a vacation to visit WDW Port Orleans - Riverside the first week of March for my daughter's second birthday. This trip was booked approximately 5 months ago. Yesterday, one month before the trip, we received a letter informing us that the Ol'Man island..."
"632" "My husband, 6 year old daughter and I visited the Port Orleans Riverside hotel for a couple nights prior to leaving on a cruise.
I had spent time in the french quarter side about 22 years ago so had a bit of an expectation. I..."
"633" "Couldn't sleep. Room was noisy. Whooshing sound coming from ceiling at night.
Tapping knocking.
Footsteps.
Room was dark but clean.
Staff polite.
Food needs improvement, was palatable. Pool is heated that's nice, grounds beautiful....,,.,,,,,,,,,,,,"
"634" "This used to be my favorite Disney resort. On our recent visit there were several long dark hairs in the bedding, on the sheets and pillow cases. It was obvious these sheets were from the guests before us. I saw the cleaning lady outside coming..."
"635" "We had two couples (with separate rooms) here for a weekend Disney visit. We had asked for rooms close together but for some inexplicable reason we were in separate buildings while it was apparent each building had vacancies. Rooms were clean, typical size of a..."
"636" "I booked a king size bedroom in October 2015 and after checking in I go to the room and find its a double bed and other peoples belongings already in the room. After complaining to the front desk I was told they no longer had..."
"637" "This is more like a motel than a hotel. Very touristy. Cafeteria food. Everything is super expensive. No balconies in the rooms. Rooms aren't that clean. Beds are not comfortable. Shower was awful. Hopefully if you do stay here you're not as unlucky as we..."
"638" "The rooms are smaller than the picture looks. No microwave or ironing board in the rooms. The pool is boring and the resort really doesn't have much to offer. I do love the boat to Disney springs and it's convenient to the buses. Don't do..."
"639" "People say this hotel is good but in my own opinion, this hotel was a waste of money. The room was smelly and some lights weren't working, the magic band thingy was a total FAIL and the food was bad! I actually MOVED to the..."
"640" "Haven't arrived yet but we just received a text telling us our room number. Seemed great except my grandchildren are in a different building than us and there's nothing we can do unless we want to down grade the kids room...even though we booked both..."
"641" "Disclaimer. I'm still at the resort now and jaded from being relentlessly milked by the Disney machine.
Riverside is more than adequate - actual quite nice.
Food wise you're probably better off in prison.
The main dining area is very like the canteen from Orange..."
"642" "Disney is not the Disney of the past. We have always stayed at Pop Century and we have always loved it. It seems Disney has made tremendous budget cuts and does not have adequate staff. Check in took forever. Bell Hop service was a minimum..."
"643" "I'm incredibly sad that I am staying here. We've been here for one night and it's been miserable for the first 24 hours. As many have complained, the fridge sucks! Everything is room temp, called maintenance, they kept \"accusing\" us of opening the fridge....just awful...."
"644" "We just returned from our stay at the Riverside, we had a confirmed reservation from 3/11/16 where we reserved under a Florida rate for a Royal Guestroom with a garden view, which we paid a deposit for one night. As per emails from the resort,..."
"645" "We have been to Disney several times and stayed at multiple properties. They have always had impeccable service and provided seamless experiences. It broke my heart to have such a miserable experience! The hotel was \"overbooked\" and our room (although booked months in advance) was..."
"646" "Honestly, the room was okay, but I expected much more since I had so many emails from Disney getting me all pumped up for our trip. It was for 7 nights. We had requested a higher room, but got a bottom floor. Stopped at the..."
"647" "This is our second time staying here and I was quite disappointed. Our room was located at the very back of the property in the middle of construction. My daughter came out of the bathroom and said \"is it just me or does it smell..."
"648" "I am going to preface this review with a bit of information: First, the only reason this review is a 2 star review rather than a 1 star review (preferably a 0 would have been my choice) is because of the effort of two concierges,..."
"649" "We were two mom's traveling with 4 young children. We had adjoining rooms. There was a travel group there who was rude, loud and obnoxious (loud music, knocking on our doors at 3am) you name it. We complained nearly every day. One day we were..."
"650" "We booked our trip 8 months in advance, reserving the Royal Room, as it was our twin Daughter’s fifth birthday and first Disney trip and I wanted the room to be decked out, princess style. It’s what I paid for when I booked the room:..."
"651" "There were so many things wrong with our stay here. The rooms were never vacuumed or swept even when the manager said it would be. The toiletries were never replaced. The internet was excruciatingly slow. Our dirty glasses were not taken or replaced. The towels..."
"652" "After visiting the Disney resorts multiple times, my family has noticed steady deterioration in standards and service. This was especially true of our recent visit to the Riverside resort, where nothing worked. Considering the reason for our trip, this was particularly disappointing.
Following the unexpected..."
"653" "You know the things aren't going well when the cast member at check-in tells you that you're Royal Room has been downgraded. The spin is that they credit you back what you would have paid for the room -like $20/night, but I didn't want the..."
"654" "When you first arrive at Port Orleans-Riverside you are taken aback by the beautiful architecture and themes. This does not last long. Service is spotty at best- (I would know, I work in the hospitality business, at a four Forbes star rated property)
Strike one..."
"655" "We stayed a week at Port Orleans Riverside. Concierge was nice, mostly helpful. General store was very nice. But sit down restaurant was only ok. The quick service options were mostly terrible (with the exception of the omelet station for breakfast and my husband liked..."
"656" "Let me start by saying this is a review on the hotel only. The Disney theme park was great. The bus to and from the hotel was fine but all the hotels use the same buses. Ok, So let's start with check in I called..."
"657" "We had a Royal room (higher price option) and the decorations were pretty, but there was nothing \"Royal\" about it! The beds were lumpy, the pillows were flat, and the bed covering was a thin piece of material. The bathroom was so small you would..."
"658" "Upon booking this room in may for our upcoming family trip in june the photos online are completely false and misleading! It took us 45 extra minutes just to find our room the buildings are not labeled properly and the directions are not helpful at..."
"659" "If you don't want to help us unload and find our room tell us ahead of time. I have stayed at other disney resorts and have been pleased. I am a single mom with 3 kids and I want the curb side service. The distance..."
"660" "I've been along time Disney world fan. The first time we stayed at a disney disney resort was when Disneyworld was building thier all stars resorts .The reason we stayed at Disneyworld hotel was the simple fact that rooms were kept clean , the beds..."
"661" "I usually don't give bad reviews because I know humans make mistakes but this Hotel has really bad management and some design flaws. First of all I love New Orleans because people are so nice and happy all the time! Not at this Hotel! The..."
"662" "The place is not at all we expected. The first room they gave us when got there was not cleaned before assigning us the room. Bathroom's towels and shampoo bottles were on floor. There were blood in the toilet not flushed. The beds were made..."
"663" "Some people don't have standards but you can't slip these types of things by everyone particularly the well travelled who understand they have a choice when they travel and that service staff and appearance should if anything get better not worse. This is yet another..."
"664" "The short version, luggage over 7 hours late to the room and then it was soaking wet and one missing luggage tag, blood stain on pillow case, long walk to room, quiet pools were never quiet and no towels supplied there, had to go to..."
"665" "We stayed at the Disney Port Orleans resort in Alligator Bayou. The room was clean and nicely decorated. The pools however were filthy. We went to the main resort pool and two others. All had debris, pine needles, dirt floating in them. Dirty towels and..."
"666" "Please be sure that if you add a nights stay to your package with dining plan, the staff will take any meals you have left prior to your check out on your added paid days stay. This was not told to me when I purchased..."
"667" "The check in experience was not at all like I remembered. The front desk clerk was missing the typical Disney enthusiasm. I have gotten a more cheerful welcome when checking into a hospital. In spite of this, I still had high hopes for our accomodations,..."
"668" "My husband and I have never been to Disney, we are universal people we love the Hard rock. With that being said we figured we would try Disney out. We got there around 11:30 our room was not ready hard to believe when they have..."
"669" "We went on a road trip before the kids started back to school. Disney was one of the stops that we Did not tell the kids about. We booked a royal room, and asked to be close to the bus stop. check in was fine...."
"670" "First I will say this hotel is beautiful. I have no issues with the grounds or room, other than housekeeping did not throw away the precious guests' trash (it was still in the floor, as were the remains of their Doritos). My issue is the..."
"671" "Felt like we were staying at a low budget motel. Had a maggot on our table when we were seated in onsite restaurant, vending machines (we tried 3) didn't work - we were actually starving after leaving restaurant without eating, were given incorrect information about..."
"672" "My son has health issues and I learned about Disney's VIP cleaning service on a discussion board website so we requested it for the first time while traveling to POR earlier this month.
When we arrived around noon our room was not ready which was..."
"673" "Just returned from a stay at Disney World's Port Orleans Riverside, and we were very disappointed. It was a family trip with my husband and two small children. Previously we have stayed at Animal Kingdom Lodge and the Contemporary and loved both. At first we..."
"674" "We were happily settled in Fort Wilderness cabins and with Hurricane Matthew arriving, we were kicked out. After three hours in line and much negotiation, we were \"upgraded\" to this spot. What a sore disappointment! We lost all our groceries, our kitchen, our multi room..."
"675" "We selected Disney property for the 'promised convenience factors and for the 'supposed' customer experience Disney is famous for.
But after paying much higher rate compared to other hotels in the area, and after staying a week and after experiencing the after stay situation -..."
"676" "It was my birthday so we decided to move up from the value resorts. This is my 4th trip to a Disney resort in 2016 and the worst service experience. To be fair I have high expectations for Disney service. I expect it to be..."
"677" "If you are looking for a deluxe hotel in Disney World, then this is NOT the place to go. We just stayed there for 3 nights and it was definitely not a magical experience. First off the greeting was not at all hospitable and they..."
"678" "I was traveling alone with my two sons (3 and 6 years old) to beat the hurricane a few weeks ago and booked this property last minute.
We arrived at 6:30PM. No greeting, no one to help me get kids or luggage out of the..."
"679" "Nice hotel albeit we arrived on the night of hurricane Matthew it was horrendous to check in. Lovely outside pool, bikes, fishing but the room was filthy. Floor ain't been swept in years! I know we are not in the rooms much but come on..."
"680" "We loved Disney, but we stayed here because we had 5 people and wanted to be on property. The walls were so thin, we were woken up every day by the room next to us. Even at check in, we saw water damage through the..."
"681" "I've read this is the best moderate hotel to stay at so maybe I was expecting more. Room wasn't clean, dusty, hair in bathroom, curtain broken, and dresser drawer wouldn't close. Maintenance resolved curtain. Drawer was fixed intermittently. I used hand wipes to clean the..."
"682" "My family and I go on frequent Disney Vacations and always stay at their many resorts. This last trip we decided to stay at Port Orleans Riverside, it was not as expected. The room at check in was dirty from the previous guests. There was..."
"683" "We stayed here for almost a week for my son's wedding. I would not stay there again. We stayed in building number 80 if that gives you any idea of how large the complex is. To get from the main hotel building to our room..."
"684" "I stayed with my family at the Port Orleans riverside for a 5 nights. Upon arrival, we definitely had a longer check-in as we watched families behind us in line leave the front desk one by one. and with no explanation from the representative at..."
"685" "I was very disappointed! I stayed in bldg.18 rm 1825. The room was small, the bathroom ridiculously small. The room wasn't clean; dust on bed posts, around baseboards and other places in room, the remote was filthy - I cleaned it myself. It was difficult..."
"686" "Cheap hotel..cheap feel.. terrible service on every level so far except the bell hop. He was nice and on time. At check in the girl was a little snobby and not really helpfull at all. Asked questions about the grounds and facilities and got a..."
"687" "From check in to check out, the experience was awful!
I will preface my review with a warning about customer service!
This is by far the worst customer service of any hotel I have ever experienced, especially in terms of rude staff across the board..."
"688" "Booked three rooms for 2 nights each at the Disney's Port Orleans Riverside after not staying at a Disney property for 6 years (have stayed a dozen times at a Disney resort in the past). BIG Disney fans but Riverside was a great disappointment. The..."
"689" "We stayed here in June. The place is too big. I'm very mobile and can walk two parks in one day, but this place is not convenient . A cup of coffee is a 1/4 mile . The pool is just as far . They..."
"690" "Room very moldy, so next day got ion machine put in. I called housekeeping 9 at night and asked if they wanted to pick up up then or the next day. They said the next day. That same night housekeeping knocked on our door waking..."
"691" "This hotel is very spread out. The closest pool was half a mile from our room and the restaurants were even farther with little selection or change between lunch and dinner items especially for kids. It did not have he same feel as other Disney..."
"692" "At Saratoga Springs - no Disney Magic here. At least not yet. To start can't get the bands to work the key access to the room consistently, which means - when you are trying to get the kids to bed at night you are stuck..."
"693" "I have to say, I'm disappointed with Disney Resorts.
We stayed here less than 2 years ago and loved it. Talk about night and day.
We stayed at the Springs like last time. Everything was the same.
After checking in early in the day, we..."
"694" "We have been members of the Disney vacation club since its inception 20+ years ago. Never would I have imagined the service levels to be so incredibly poor by DISNEY!!!
Mom, daughter and granddaughter were incredibly excited for a little getaway for two nights. There..."
"695" "Went for a family vacation at this location and found the hotel was okay but okay is not good enough for something as expensive as this location is. If you don't like walking long distances to get anywhere don't go here. After a long day..."
"696" "Just returned home from a 5 \"night\" stay and it's not my favorite Disney resort. While it is close to Disney Springs it took forever to get there. Our one bedroom villa was in the Grandstand area. Boat service was horrible never seemed to be..."
"697" "Had been so looking forward to staying at this property, the position was perfect for us. We had requested a Congress park room, and on arrival was not greeted in the usual Disney style we had come to expect and they had put us in..."
"698" "I'm disgusted at the quality of the hotel and how it has deteriorated. We came for a family vacation for a weekend. As A family of two doctors, we have very little time to go on vacation. On the rare occasion that we can we..."
"699" "I have stayed at other Disney properties and this one had the worst service ever. I would not recommend it to anyone and would never stay her again. Housekeeping was rude and really did not know what there were doing and almost set our room..."
"700" "We stayed at the Treehouse Villa, checked in at the Saratoga Springs Resort but staff at check in were not very friendly and neither were staff at Bell Service. Not your typical Disney staff like other resorts we've stayed at. Felt like we were burdening..."
"701" "We've been to Disney several times and this is the worst resort I've ever stayed at. My Mother and sister joined my family for this trip and we needed a wheelchair assessable room for our mom. First they gave us the wrong handicap room (no..."
"702" "I just read a recent review so I know that my experience is not an isolated one. We arrived early to check in and start our day at the parks. We also encountered a nearly empty registration area. No welcome Disney or welcome home. Just..."
"703" "This is probably the hardest review I have had to write about a hotel, one since I am a DVC member and two since my family has a love affair with Disney. I will start with all the positive about the hotel, the grounds where..."
"704" "This is a Disney time share where we made the MISTAKE of buying points and staying without being a sucker for ANY Disney time share.
I have now seen three of these timeshares-Animal Kingdom, Polynesian, and unfortunately Saratoga Springs. None of these were as good..."
"705" "We visit Disney a lot. Saratoga springs is a pretty spot and it could be really fabulous save for a couple of things.
Saratoga Springs and Old Key West seem ignored by Disney. They get treated the worst as far as bus accessibility. The buses..."
"706" "We were not happy with this resort. We have stayed in many Disney locations throughout many years. This time we decided to get a 2 bedroom villa. The room itself was very nice, clean and had everything we needed in it and it was also..."
"707" "Disney should be ashamed to call this hotel \"deluxe\". Wow, we are just driving back home today after a disappointing stay at Saratoga Springs. Check jn day, we had requested early check jn like we had dine before at other resorts but even though they..."
"708" "We are just coming to the end of a 14 night stay here. There are 5 bus stops at the resort each have a screen that tells you when buses will arrive .The 4 other stops screens work (as do all the other resorts we..."
"709" "This was a last minute one night trip to Disney and we wanted to try a resort we've never visited. We've stayed at 10 other Disney properties and tried every level (deluxe, moderate and value) and find SSR to be the most disappointing.
Although I..."
"710" "Stayed at a \"deluxe studio\" room in the Grandstand section for a week in October of 2016. The name \"deluxe studio\" is quite misleading, as the size of the room is about the same as a Disney moderate. The room was totally outdated and badly..."
"711" "I'm a DVC member and recently stayed at Saratoga in October 2016. I've also had the opportunity to stay at Old Key West, Bay Lake Towers, and Aulani. Despite OKW being the oldest DVC resort, Saratoga is in the most desperate need of renovations. First,..."
"712" "Can't recommend this resort for any reason. If you want to stay on Disney property, select literally any other Deluxe resort. This one doesn't match up.
Rooms are dated - to the point where they have those old safes that hold maybe one small laptop..."
"713" "We booked an overnight stay at the Treehouse Villas thinking it would be a unique experience. It was a horrible experience. We were texted at 10:30 saying our room would be ready soon. We got to Saratoga Springs at 2:00 thinking it certainly would be..."
"714" "Be prepared for long waits and crowded buses!! Worst of any DisneyWorld I have been at!!!
At least 90 minutes to get to the entrance of any park. Don't stay here if you want to enjoy DisneyWorld. You will be left standing at the Springs..."
"715" "We are new to DVC but veterans as Disney Vacationers
This was by far the craziest , almost jaw dropping is this all really happening .
We booked 3 room for 3 couples both daughters and their fiances ... we arrived in town around 4..."
"716" "If you are thinking of choosing Saratoga Springs, please take our advice and just don't. Choose ANY other Disney resort but this one. I highly recommend Animal Kingdom Lodge, Port Orleans French Quarter or Coronado Springs.
We just returned last night from our first &..."
"717" "We recently stayed at Saratoga Springs for a short family vacation. We have stayed in nearly every Disney onsite property over the years, but this was our first time at Saratoga Springs. I am not a DVC member.
Although we had checked in online, had..."
"718" "Stayed here for 7 nights. 4nights in a studio room and 3 in a one bedroom. The service during the change of room was appalling!! We were informed that we would have to move our luggage to the main reception area to await new room...."
"719" "The washer and dryer were so loud that you couldn't hear the tv or sleep, the blow dryer kept overheating and shutting off, the beds were uncomfortable, the pool side bar was closed the entire time we were there, AND they did NOT clean the..."
"720" "We did not have a magical experience. The room had a musty smell perhaps old carpet or wet carpet? There were prunes in the stairwell for 6 days. Decor of room bland with some broken fixtures. Bad stay"
"721" "Let me start out by saying we upgraded to this hotel from our original reservation at Caribbean Beach resort because I wanted to try a deluxe hotel. The lobby is beautiful and the theming is wonderful, as is the proximity to Magic Kingdom but that's..."
"722" "Hotel looked great in the lobby. Room was ok but outdated. In our room I found dirty silverware on the floor the first day. They did not replace my coffee packets or empty the third day. As I was checking drawers on the last day,..."
"723" "I have been staying at Disney hotels for the past 10 years. This was my first visit to the Wilderness Lodge, and I expect it will be the only time I stay here. Although the hotel was built at the same time as Animal Kingdom..."
"724" "I honestly wanted to love this place. However It was just mediocre. We booked three rooms for 8 days. Disney is noted for being \"over the top\" I expected to see attention to detail. When we made our reservations we were not told of the..."
"725" "Just not worth the money.
I certainly do understand that part of WDW is that beautifying is always going on but to much at once is not worth the money.
The beach, one pool, boat rental, bike rental, playground and major walkways gone.
The water..."
"726" "We usually stay at Yacht or Beach Club at the concierge level but decided to try Wilderness Lodge this time. I understand the hotel is under construction but that was no excuse for the terrible service at the Old Faithful Club. Specifically Zach who never..."
"727" "beeping and chop saw going strong at 8:09. The place says rest assured that construction is not supposed to start till 9 but it always starts way earlier. OH now nail gun. Major bummer. It just woke up my 7 year old from a sound..."
"728" "The hotel is under construction, and they said we wouldn't hear any construction equipment until 9AM...yeah, try 6:30 AM! We paid for a 6 day/5 night stay at $500 a night, and when we asked if for an extra hour to check-out at 7:30 AM..."
"729" "Had a 7 night stay in a club level room. Get to the hotel, no one is there to escort us to the seventh floor. Ask at front desk and was rudely told to \"just get in the elevator\" which you cannot access without your..."
"730" "The nice email stating construction starts at 9am, sounds really nice. The truth is, we are staying in the middle of a construction zone. Three years of planning to stay in a construction zone.
They should have shut entire wings down and not subjected their..."
"731" "I don't know where to start. If I had to do it over again, I would have never planned my trip the first week of November. Its what they call Jersey week. Of course it had nothing to do with the many people from New..."
"732" "Arrived at the resort and was put into a room that had smoke billowing outside the balcony along with construction. We were warned about updates being made but did not expect a 3-4 AM wake up call each day with the beeping of trucks backing..."
"733" "Misled by amount of construction. Would leave in morning and come back, unable to get back in hotel the way we left because that section would be boarded up.
Unhelpful front desk- always a line. Bell person could not tell me a bus schedule- said..."
"734" "Great architecture, thoughtful décor, and easy transportation to Magic Kingdom, but guest service needs to be improved upon. The front desk staff and concierge failed to provide a pleasant exchange at every opportunity given and any constructive feedback was not welcomed.
Routine maintenance was done..."
"735" "\"Itinerary planning\" was listed as a feature of the Club Level. We booked with this expectation. After 3 hours on the phone I found out it was not available. The had one guy call for me to make decision in 10 minutes with no way..."
"736" "Although we had a nice stay, what u get for what u pay for is just nuts. The hotel room was equivalent to a cheap $30 run-down motel. I get that they are trying to go with the old ship theme... but still... it looks..."
"737" "We stayed from 12/31/15-1/7/16. The room was worn and dirty. The bathroom was in massive need of some grout work. The carpets were dirty, nothing you would expect in a deluxe hotel. There was an adjoining room door and we heard the next door occupants..."
"738" "I have been a Disney fan from a young age, but rarely stayed on Disney property due to being a Florida resident. In November 2015, I saw Disney was offering a Florida resident special for rooms booked in early 2016. I booked a garden view..."
"739" "Checked in at 4am after a tire blowout on the turnpike. Walked into a room with an obvious indentation where someone had laid on the bed, garbage cans with garbage still in them, used and open soaps in the shower, and a used, dirty towel..."
"740" "First things first, I was appalled at the staff's \"costumes\". The front desk staff looks sloppily dressed in extremely oversized coats and skirts. Just odd. But the worst was the housekeeping staff. They wore outfits that could only be described as degrading. Old South Maid..."
"741" "I recently stayed three nights at the Yacht Club. Overall, I was not impressed with the resort or the room. I was visiting for a work event. I would not have booked this resort on my own.
Disappointments:
1. I was assigned a handicap room..."
"742" "Disney sets your expectations high, through the roof really, with their pricing and location. My experience shattered those expectations. First, it was impossible for a busy person to book on the phone. The automated voice prompts gathering 'just a little information' took 11 minutes and..."
"743" "Wasn't pleased at all, expected more from a Disney resort. Beds were like sleeping on cotton balls, bathrooms needed repair, cracks in floors, showers and sinks, no privacy notice to hang on door, called to speak with concierge and was told you could only speak..."
"744" "This hotel is not what it used to be. On site restaurants are too expensive. And the walls are very thin ... thin enough to hear the people in the next room doing adult acts at 12 AM. The room lacked it's wow factor it..."
"745" "I'm attending a work conference here at the Yacht Club and have brought my significant other along with me so she could have some sun and relaxation. I called before our stay to request a king sized bed facing the water. Both things were promised..."
"746" "It's been years since we stayed at Disney's Yacht Club Resort, and the years have not been kind to this resort. Sadly, we found our experience upon arriving less than magical as I walked past at least five cast members in front of the resort..."
"747" "Allting kostar! Everything cost! The poor breakfast was 22$!
The checkin personal was not nice. Grumpy girl and she gave us NO information at all!
Even the other desk conciderage - we went there twice and both of the people was not nice or helpful!..."
"748" "As I entered the lobby, the greeter was clueless as to where or even the fact that I had a conference there. I had to go through my phone and show him the email confirmation.
So after the conference I ubered my taxi and was..."
"749" "The hotel is centrally located. A short walk to Epcot and a boat ride to Hollywood Studios. As soon as we stepped into our room, we were hit with an awful smell like cat urine. After opening doors and running AC, the smell lingered. When..."
"750" "My family and I spent a wonderful night there last March for the Epcot Flower & Garden Festival. As long as you stay on Club level, your treated like royalty. This visit we went for the Epcot Food & Wine Festival and didn't need club..."
"751" "This is at the higher end of the disney resorts.
The room was very out of date and not very big. We had previously spent 4 nights at the Disney Boardwalk. Our room had the 'honour' of being just over the forecourt with constant noise..."
"752" "I should have known better. Room is dated. How and why carpet is a norm in rooms and hallways in a humid environment is beyond me. It traps and maintains dirt with a grimy feel and smell. Hard to relax in one's room as a..."
"753" "We are HUGE Disney fans! My family has been vacationing at the Walt Disney World Resort every year for twenty years. One love the resorts and purpose to try a different one each trip. When Bay Lake Towers opened we were excited to book our..."
"754" "This was our 1st time using our DVC points. Let me start off by saying the staff were really did all they could (with my husband's urging) do to make the situation right. They were accommodating and fair, providing a credit and fast passes for..."
"755" "I do not understand the positive reviews of this place. It gets 2 stars for being walkable to the Magic Kingdom, but that is it. We rented DVC points for a lake view studio. The studio was ridiculously small - much bigger accommodations at the..."
"756" "I was with family who are dvc members and what a disappointment. We have stayed all over disney and this place just isn't up to par. The people working the front desk are horrible and could care less about your vacation. Our room took forever..."
"757" "This was not our first stay at Bay Lake, however it might be our last. As DVC members, we know what type of service and cleanliness to expect in the villas. This trip was loaded with issues from the very beginning. The room was covered..."
"758" "This hotel ranks as one of life's great disappointments. For $600 per night I would expect at least a decent room. The queen sized bed abuts the loveseat sized sofa. We were traveling with a party of two adults and two teens. There was barely..."
"759" "The hotel service housekeeping,reception &guest servises are disaster by all means, nether me or my family will be going back to this hotel , even though we spend a great deal of money using the VIP facility like tour guide in park but no appreciation..."
"760" "After the boardwalk we hopped to Bay lake for our Magic kingdom days. The location of the resort is great and the room was nice and clean. The room is smaller than other deluxe rooms was was functional and enough for 2 of us, but..."
"761" "Since being a child one of the hotels I've always wanted to stay in was the Contemporary Hotel, but I could never afford to, so when Disney built Bay Lake Towers I was beyond excited knowing that we where DVC members and could book this..."
